Page 3

the body and blood of such figures can be vast and decidedly potent by mortal standards.
When the sounds of battle filled the skies, accompanied by much thunder and lightning
(which wasn’t strictly necessary, but both gods and demons have a penchant for the dra-
matic), the occasional fleck of scale or drop of blood found its way to the ground beneath.
Where these fell, the origins of new races grew. These gradually inter-bred with the terres-
trial creatures and evolved in their own struggle for survival. All apart from one drop of
blood that fell on a small hill in Northern Rivellon and spawned a particularly nice crop of
petunias.
When these battles were over and the participants returned to their respective
realms, the gods - who really had nothing better to do - started to bicker and fight among
each other for little more motivation than to pass the time. This would have continued
unceasingly, had not the creatures on the worlds below started to become self-aware and
interesting. And so it was that weapons were laid down in favour of watching and, from time
to time, a bit of interfering.
Right now, they’re watching a baby.
~o8o~
4
That which separates one world from another is in fact very little. Or at least it is for those
who know where to find the doorways, or are powerful enough to create their own. For all
other self-aware creatures, the enormity of such possibilities is best left to the realms of bed-
time stories and over-active imaginations. After all, what use is it to know that there’s a hid-
den doorway in your pumpkin field that leads to a world populated entirely by little blue
lizards, when the harvest needs gathering and the cows need milking? Most creatures don’t
need (or even want) to know that such doorways, or rifts as they are also known, exist. But
exist they do.
For an extremely skilled magic user who possesses the gift of rift-sight, passing
between worlds is just a case of opening their mind to the possibility of dimensional travel,
locating one of these invisible doorways and, if at all possible, knowing what’s on the other
side. Few possess the necessary skills, although you’ll find those that do never go without
several spare changes of clothes (usually basic peasant and noble dress), a variety of cur-
rencies, string, bandages and something sharp and pointy.
Although these doorways can crop up anywhere, they are often found in places
of religious significance such as temples, statues or - much to the distress of one particular
priest - a church font. There has been much speculation that these portals have actually been
put in place by the gods themselves, in order to aid their inter-worldly travel. This is more
or less true.
Gods and goddesses, being notoriously nosey entities, do like to take the odd
short trip to whichever mortal world suits their fancy, especially if they have a vested inter-
est in its inhabitants. The more restless gods have been known to wander through different
worlds for many years, creating dimensional doorways and changing shape or costume to
suit their mood. This is not so much for the need to be in disguise, but because dressing up
is half the fun.
Some gods are quite tidy about their dimensional travel and will politely close
doorways after their curiosity has been satisfied. However, some of the more butterfly-
minded deities have been known to forget where they last opened a door and simply wan-
der on to the next world. Generally, most gods like to keep these doorways open for emer-
gency use, just in case a good war happens and they fancy a ringside seat.
Of course, the dimensional doorways that lead to the realm that the gods them-
selves inhabit (which in itself encompasses all worlds) are protected by many powerful
spells. This is as much for the mortal creatures as it is for the gods, since it’s hard to form a
religion around someone if you can just walk into their kitchen.
With the Great War almost over, the use of these doorways is now far more com-
mon. Relatively unseen by the eyes of mortal creatures, the War has raged for many thou-
sands of years. It originally started when many of the worlds were young and still forming.
It was then that the gods fought against the demon lords for a share of the hearts and minds
of the miscellaneous creatures that struggled forth from the primordial soup beneath them.
But conflicts between gods and demons can have unforeseen consequences, for
