Page 4

‘Well at least that had sorted out having to wash the wretched thing,’ thought
Lucian. But Damian was determined that his cloth playmate should not escape him and,
before Lucian could catch him, he reached his chubby little arm into the flames and pulled
the smoldering rabbit out.
Horrified, Lucian scooped Damian up and ran outside to the horses’ water
trough. Monty started running around, madly barking at the sudden rush of movement.
Damian burst into tears as Lucian plunged him into the cold water, sobbing uncontrollably
as he splashed water over the boy’s arm. After a few minutes of this, he took the snuffling
child back inside to look at what damage the fire had done.
Damian’s sleeve was burned-through in several places and the child was visibly
in shock, but when Lucian pulled back the material he saw that the skin underneath,
although a little pink from the cold water, was smooth and unharmed. Lucian held Damian
close, rocking him gently to ease his sobs, and whispered soothing words. In truth, he knew
that these were as much for him as they were for the child.
Later that evening, after Floree had put Damian to bed, Lucian took a candle
upstairs to Damian’s room. He shooed-out Monty, who’d bedded down at the end of the crib
and looked at the small boy who was sleeping peacefully with his fist clutched tightly
around a dry, but slightly blackened, rabbit. He wondered what the future had in store for
his adopted son.
The day he’d found Damian, lying upon the altar of the Lord of Lies, placed
there as the new earthly body for the reincarnation of the Damned One, he’d thought about
killing him and finishing the job before any evil could flourish. But in the end, he turned
away from it, knowing that he could not use his blade on an innocent babe. Instead, he
turned his attention to tracking down and destroying every last member of the Black Ring
– the Damned One’s devoted followers.
Lucian had vowed to bring up the child as his own. Even if a darker evil did lie
within the boy’s heart, surely an upbringing in the house of the Divine One (a title he may
have earned but didn’t care to use very often) could abate or even reverse this completely?
Nothing in this world was certain, that was for sure, and while Lucian didn’t rate
his divinity nearly as highly as others did (for the simple reason that having a head that
could fit through doorways was a necessity in his line of work), he hoped that some of it
might rub off on his ward. If it didn’t then, well…Lucian didn’t really want to think about
that. After all, Zandalor had warned him that if the boy showed any signs of evil, he must
be destroyed or Rivellon would pay the price.
But for now, thought Lucian, let him sleep and bathe in gentle dreams. For the
nightmares would come soon enough, he knew that much. Quietly, so as not to disturb the
sleeping boy, Lucian placed the candleholder on the table beside the crib and went down-
stairs. In the corner of the room, his sword blade shone in the flickering light and some-
where, in a distant realm out of the reach of mortal-kind,  a nasal voice said: ‘Who’ll give
me odds on the kid?’
~o8o~
6
The little boy gurgled happily as he tottered around on the rug in front of the fire. Behind
him, dragged by one ear, was a small cloth bunny-rabbit that was soggy from repeated
chewing. Lucian, his mentor, observed him closely and stroked his chin. It had been over a
year now and so far the boy, who he named Damian, hadn’t been showing any demonic ten-
dencies, which came as something of a relief.
He knew that he couldn’t be there all the time to oversee the upbringing of the
child - his work prevented that. And after all, the Black Ring members weren’t exactly lin-
ing up outside his door to be vanquished. In fact, these days they had become more elusive
than ever and the paladins who made up his Divine army were spending more time playing
cards in the local inn than they were on the battlefield.
Still, at least Floree, Lucian’s elderly housekeeper and Damian’s nurse, hadn’t
reported anything unusual about the child. He was certainly very intelligent and quick to
learn, but in all other respects he seemed as grubby and sticky as any child of his age. For
that, Lucian was thankful.
A soft thump distracted him from his thoughts and he saw that Damian was now
sitting, podgy legs outstretched, in the middle of the rug inspecting his toy for any bits that
hadn’t been given a good chewing lately and muttering ‘Bun, Bun, Bun’ to himself. Well,
something had to be done about that rabbit for a start - it needed a good wash, at the very
least. Its daily dragging had left it a perpetual, dirty grey colour, though Damian seemed
determined - to the point of floods of tears - not to part with it.
Lucian reached into his leather saddlebag and took out a brightly coloured, tin-
kling ball. This was much to the delight of his hunting dog Monty, who’d been asleep in his
basket next to Lucian’s chair with his legs in the air, in the manner of all truly contented ani-
mals.
The toy seemed unnecessarily gaudy to Lucian but, according to the merchant
who’d sold it to him, that was the sort of thing that young children liked and since Lucian
had never had children of his own, he had to concede. The bells inside the ball would
undoubtedly drive Floree to the brink of madness, but it was certainly worth a shot, if only
to give the rabbit a quick wash in the laundry tub.
‘Look, Damian, look at the ball,’ he said, waving it in front of the boy. ‘Look
what I’ve got for you, pretty ball, pretty ball...’ Damian looked up and his eyes widened as
he saw something new and unchewed in his vicinity. Still holding the rabbit, he got up and
toddled forwards. Lucian shook the ball and held it out to him. Damian started to reach out
and, realising that he would need two hands to deal with this latest fascination, dropped the
rabbit on the rug.
Seeing his chance, Lucian stretched his hand out for the toy, but Damian wasn’t
going to be fooled that easily. Dropping the ball and shouting ‘Bun!’ the boy made a grab
for the rabbit. Lucian tried to pull it out of his reach, but instead the saliva-dampened toy
slipped through his grasp, flew through the air and landed in the fire.
