Page 5

very damaging (more often than not, to the caster themselves). Wielding magic is not just
about learning the incantations and the hand gestures; it’s more like training a pet.
They say that pets and owners grow to look alike, and magic is the same. In crea-
tures blessed with powers from birth, their magic is very much an external projection of
their inner being. To put it simply, you won’t find the good wielding ‘bad’ magic and you
won’t find those of an evil disposition dressed like flowers and sprinkling fairy dust on
babies. Well, only if it was particularly sharp fairy dust.
As for Lucian, he was neither born with magic, nor was he strictly taught it.
Instead, when the Divine Being had been split and became part of him, thus making him the
Divine One, the magic just came with the job. This had its own inherent difficulties; it was
rather like walking all your life on two legs and then suddenly waking up one day to find
you’d grown two more. Wrestling to control his newly found magical powers had nearly
been the death of him and he certainly wasn’t about to awaken such things in Damian.
Despite this, Lucian was painfully aware that, even with Damian just approach-
ing twelve years old, this decision may already be out of his hands. His suspicions had
grown the previous week when Floree informed him that Damian hadn’t come back from
his daily ride. He’d gone out that morning on his little bay pony, which he’d tamed from a
wild foal, and hadn’t returned all day. Saddling his own war horse, an enormous grey called
Goliath, Lucian had ridden out into the surrounding farmlands, where one of the farmers
told him he’d seen the boy only an hour ago riding towards Oakland Woods.
Fearing that Damian might have been hurt, Lucian wasted no time in spurring
Goliath into a canter and heading for the woods. Rather than being the dark and foreboding
place that narrative conventions often dictate for the site of lost children, the woods were a
relatively sun-dappled and charming place. Spring bluebells carpeted the ground, birds sang
in the bushes and squirrels chased each other through the canopy. In fact, it looked more
charming than ever and this somehow made Lucian feel incredibly uneasy.
Slowing Goliath to a trot, Lucian headed further into the woods, calling out
Damian’s name.  He was about to give up, convinced that the boy must have passed through
the woods and taken the long route home, when he heard a soft crying. Lucian dismounted,
tied Goliath to a tree and started to track the source of the sound.
Pushing his way through some briar bushes, he came upon an extraordinary
sight. Lying on the ground were three orcs. Lucian was pretty sure they were dead, as liv-
ing orcs tended to have their heads attached to their necks, and more blood on the inside. In
the centre of the bodies was Damian. He was sitting with his knees drawn up to his chest,
staring at his hands, which seemed to be red and bloody where he’d dug his nails into the
skin.
Lucian immediately ran to him and pulled him to his feet. As he turned to look
at his mentor, his eyes bloodshot from crying, it seemed for all the world as if the boy did-
n’t recognise him. Lucian shook him gently, but Damian just stared ahead as if watching
some invisible feature in the middle-distance. Then, without warning, he fainted into a
crumpled heap.
8
As Damian got older, Lucian was careful to shield him from any rumours surrounding his
origins. For many years this was a simple task, as the young Damian was preoccupied with
not much more than running around, shouting and getting muddy in the countryside sur-
rounding Lucian’s farm. Damian’s guardian was content to let the boy wander where he
liked (within reason), as long as he didn’t stray too far from familiar territory, stay out after
dark or bring home any creatures that would upset Floree.
Lucian was still mindful to keep an eye on the boy, for although he was bright,
he was also very inquisitive - and that can be a highly dangerous combination, especially
for a child with possible latent magical tendencies. He also suspected that his own eyes
weren’t the only ones to be watching Damian, either - though he was reassured that his army
would alert him if there were any suspicious characters within a five mile radius of the vil-
lage.
At first, Lucian had been glad for the rest. It gave him time to tend to his farm
and reflect back upon the days before he arrived in the healer village of Aleroth, back when
all he wanted was a hot meal and a woman who looked good in a leather breastplate.
Knowing that he was the Divine One hadn’t made things any easier, either. As Floree liked
to gleefully tell anyone who came to the farm, being the protector of law and order didn’t
mean that he knew how to use a dirty washing basket, or keep a shirt clean for five minutes.
Privately, he also knew that before he became the Divine One his relations with the law had-
n’t been ideal either - although, according to Zandalor, the gods like to make sure the most
interesting characters find themselves in the most inappropriate positions.
Lucian’s title had brought with it more adventure than he could possibly have
wished for. Dispatching the Lord of Lies was just the start, for the Black Ring had spread
his evil throughout the land and even with an army of paladins, Lucian knew that he was
unlikely to see order restored within his own lifetime. Still, years of killing necromancers,
witches and warlocks had left him with a strong constitution and a sword-arm like a sack-
ful of water melons, which was some consolation.
The break from battle had also allowed Lucian to devote more time to his son -
and the longer he spent in Damian’s company, teaching him basic sword-play and riding,
the further away he could keep the boy from his dark heritage. Lucian was careful only to
teach Damian a few low-level protection rituals, and although the boy picked up on these
almost immediately and constantly pestered to be taught more, Lucian was dubious about
letting him loose with more powerful magic.
Again, the gods were to blame for the release of magic into the worlds; the more
they explored, the more magic energies they left behind them like litter. The energy swirled
around, unseen, until it found an appropriate host. Most magic users are taught how to make
themselves receptive to these magical energies and thereby harness and adapt it to their
needs. Naturally, magic cannot be wielded by just anyone - the gods have seen to that, mere
training not being enough - because you have to be a certain type of person to use magic.
And by far the most powerful magic users are the ones that are born with it in their blood.
Unrestrained magic, especially in the hands of the inexperienced, can often be
