Page 6

Damian had regained consciousness by the time they’d reached the farm, but he appeared
to have no recollection of what had happened in the woods and, even though the merest sus-
picion flashed across Lucian’s mind that the boy might be trying to hide something, he
thought it best not to dwell on it. He put Damian to bed and spent the night worrying about
how he was going to answer the inevitable questions that would be asked, once the bodies
were found. In the morning, he roused Goliath and went out to the woods again on the pre-
tence of an early morning ride.
But when he reached the clearing again, he found it completely empty. There
was no trace of the bodies, not even spots of blood. Whoever or whatever had removed them
had cleaned the ground and even re-straightened the grass, or at least sown the quick-grow-
ing type. It was clear that there was a presence out there that wanted all evidence of what
had happened in the clearing to vanish, even more than Lucian did.
When he returned to the farm, Damian was sound asleep. Lucian checked his
hands and saw that the marks the boy had made from digging into his own flesh had almost
completely vanished. Thankfully, there was no angry orc lynch-mob trying to break down
the door, either, and no one asking difficult questions, not even Zandalor. It was almost
serene and Lucian fervently wished that it would stay that way.
And it had, almost suspiciously so. Despite ordering his paladins to patrol a
wider sweep of the area, no more orcs were spotted. Lucian himself went back into Oakland
Wood and beyond a few more times, but nothing seemed amiss. At first he’d tried tracking
the path the orcs had taken to the clearing but, even with his heightened senses, the trail was
very hard to follow. There were a few broken branches here and there, a slightly crushed
flower - certainly things an untrained eye would miss - but the trail seemed to break a short
way from the clearing and, despite all his efforts, Lucian couldn’t pick it up again.
There was always a chance that the orc party was summoned to the area. That
would certainly explain why their presence had not been picked up by the paladins. But
transporting a party of creatures from one place to another was no easy task. Even some of
the most powerful mages in the land sometimes had trouble just finding their own way from
place to place, let alone three such sizeable creatures. Then again, most of the mages Lucian
knew had trouble finding a matching pair of socks.
When Zandalor dropped by on one of his numerous visits, Lucian was careful
not to let anything slip about Damian and the orcs. Although Zandalor was a well-respect-
ed wizard of some power, and almost like an uncle to Damian, being the Divine One had its
benefits and Lucian knew that Zandalor didn’t have a spell powerful enough to read any-
thing in his mind that he didn’t want the wizard to know.
‘Damian is growing up into a fine boy, Lucian. You’ve done well with him,’ he commented
one evening, as they shared a few pipes of Zandalor’s home-grown tobacco and watched
Monty try to catch rabbits in the field.
‘He’s certainly a lively lad, nearly drives poor old Floree to tears with his pranks. Last week,
he found a pair of my leggings hanging in the orchard to dry and he took them down and
10
Lifting the boy up in his arms, Lucian took him back to Goliath, who was graz-
ing quietly, and laid him gently over the horse’s broad neck. On returning to the clearing, he
decided to examine the orc bodies more closely. He picked up a piece of fallen armour. The
pattern certainly wasn’t familiar, which meant that the raiders hadn’t come from one of the
local orcish clans. In fact, it didn’t even look like a proper pattern, or even a language: it just
seemed to be a mass of swirls.
The heads had been severed cleanly from their bodies and lay a few feet away,
mouths gasping, in what seemed to Lucian to be surprise - a rare emotion to see in any orc,
dead or alive. Glancing down, Lucian noticed that each orc had the same wound on the left
side of its chest. Yet the wounds in the grey flesh were not bloody, for they had been per-
fectly cauterised. The orcs had had their hearts burnt out.
Securing the boy on the horse, Lucian rode back to the town. ‘A snake must have
spooked the pony,’ he told Floree. ‘He’s hit his head pretty hard, put a cold flannel on his
forehead and put him straight to bed.’ Later, one of his paladins brought Damian’s pony
back to the farm. Its legs were cut by brambles and it kept tossing its head and letting out a
high-pitched whinnying. No matter how hard he tried, the pony refused to be saddled and
Lucian knew that, during the brief few hours that had passed, the creature had become wild
again.
Meanwhile, quite a crowd had started to gather in the distant realm. Even
the gods who were involved in petty squabbles with each other about the height of
neighbouring mountain ranges, put down their weapons and came to look. It was all
going rather well and they’d hardly had to interfere at all.
~o8o~
