Page 7

As Lucian had hoped, even the paladins who didn’t know him warmed to the enthusiastic
young boy joining their ranks and he became something of a pet to them, running around
doing chores in exchange for sword-fighting and divination lessons. To Damian’s delight,
Lucian had even let him move out of the farmhouse and set up his own little bed in the pal-
adins’ quarters. He figured the boy would be just as safe there, under the guidance of his
men, and it gave Floree a much needed break from his amphibian surprises.
As had been expected, Damian excelled in his studies and by the time he was fif-
teen, he could best many of the younger paladins in both hand-to-hand combat and sword-
fighting. His sense of divination was also very strong and he was often called upon by the
villagers to help find lost cattle and children that had strayed too far from home. Lucian felt
the boy was comfortable for the first time in a long while and Zandalor seemed especially
pleased with his progress. Damian seemed truly settled and had been accepted by both the
paladins and the villagers as an honourable young man. Lucian knew that retaining this
would be the key to Damian’s salvation.
Lucian was still very careful to keep Damian’s history hidden from the boy, how-
ever. Growing up was hard enough, without knowing you might be the earthly reincarnation
of a demonic entity. Zandalor was adamant that under no circumstances should he find out
about the Damned One, especially now he seemed to be flourishing as a paladin. Despite
Damian’s talent with a sword, Lucian was also wary about letting him get involved in active
combat. A duel in the safety of the barracks was one thing, but out in the wilds, with the roar
of battle in your ears and your eyes stinging with blood, was a very different world.
Knowing Damian was in a safe place gave Lucian the chance to leave the farm
and embark on longer journeys himself, sometimes for several days or more. He’d found
picking up snippets of news here and there, as well as simply making his presence known
in the area, was essential for maintaining law and order. Occasionally, he liked to don a large
cowled cloak and ride on his own to a local inn at one of the outlying villages. There, he’d
enjoy a flagon of ale and a bowl of stew by the fire, without anyone recognising him and
demanding that he cure their sore foot. It was just like the old days.
But there were other reasons behind his excursions. Although he was careful not
to excite the paladins, he’d started to get the feeling that maybe Zandalor’s knee-pain had-
n’t just been the grinding of old bones. Listening to the buzz of inn gossip had convinced
Lucian that the Black Ring order were up to something on a scale larger than anything that
had been seen since the destruction of the Damned One.
Sightings of known members out in the open also seemed to be on the increase
over the last year, although they usually covered their tracks too well to be caught off-guard.
These new reports had coincided with Damian’s fourteenth birthday and Lucian somehow
couldn’t shift the nagging feeling that the two events were connected. Perhaps the group was
taking a renewed interest in the boy, now that he was on the path to adulthood.
The most recent member of the Black Ring order that the paladins had success-
fully managed to track down was a necromancer called Kalin. He’d been found hiding in
the attic of an abandoned house, along with the preserved remains of five children, con-
12
sewed the bottoms of the legs up! Then the little demon put a couple of frogs inside them
and of course when Floree came to fetch the washing in, they started hopping about trying
to get free. She thought the leggings had come to life and locked herself in her room for the
rest of the day, leaving us with only bread and cheese for dinner!’
Zandalor chuckled to himself ‘Ah well, boys will be boys. We’ve all been there.
He’s growing up, though, and obviously getting bored here. You can’t expect plants and
flowers and running about with the other children to hold his attention forever.’
‘I know, I know, Zandalor. I just don’t quite know what to do with him,’ said Lucian, who
was rapidly becoming aware that the smoke from Zandalor’s home-grown tobacco seemed
to have some kind of life of its own. Currently, it appeared to be trying to stroke his hair. ‘I
suspect the time has come to find him some kind of a job, Zandalor. I thought, perhaps, a
blacksmith?’
‘A noble profession, indeed...bending the elements, very grounded too,’ muttered the wiz-
ard, chewing on the end of his pipe and letting a wisp of smoke drift from his mouth and
towards the ground, where it started to chase Monty. ‘But somehow I think that Damian is
going to need something where he can stretch his wings a little - in a controlled environ-
ment, of course. The lad needs to see a bit more excitement in his life than just smelting
metal!’
‘Yes, you’re probably right,’ sighed Lucian. ‘There goes my potential source of cheap
weaponry! Do you have any idea what might be good for the boy?’
‘Well, why not let him join your paladins, Lucian, or at least let him train with some of the
lower ranks? They’re good folk, very honest and loyal. They’ll see that the boy learns dis-
cipline and honour.’
‘It’s certainly an idea. I just hope he won’t be too much trouble for them. I don’t want them
to feel like they’re babysitting him. I know some of them have heard rumours about how I
found Damian and what he might become, but I don’t think they would dare show any ill-
feeling towards the boy. Besides, many of them have watched him grow up.’
‘Well that’s decided then, m’boy.’ Zandalor clapped a wrinkled hand on Lucian’s shoulder.
‘But leave it for another year, eh? Give the lad a bit more freedom to be a child, while he
still can. But, mind you, don’t leave it longer than that. I’ve got a twinge in my right knee
that tells me something big is on its way.’
So Lucian waited and, on Damian’s thirteenth birthday, the boy started his training as a pal-
adin.
~o8o~
