Page 8

Usually Lucian didn’t tend to pay much attention to those on the business-end of
his sword. He knew what they were and what they were capable of. Besides, the way they
had lived their lives gave them no reason to be listened to in death. But somehow, the necro-
mancer’s words rattled around his head, even as he watched the flames of the cleansing fire
consume Kalin’s wretched body.
~o8o~
14
tained in large glass jars. When they pulled apart the house, they also found several little
skeletons that appeared to have been bricked into the walls.
When he’d gone up to inspect the attic himself, Lucian noticed that the bodies in
the jars were not those of ordinary children. Here and there on the skin of the little bodies
there was evidence of scales, one even had a pair of stubby wings protruding from its shoul-
der blades and another had a set of claws instead of a hand.
Knowing that, even if the poor creatures had been originally born of human
flesh, no parent should see their child in such a condition, Lucian set fire to the attic, send-
ing its unholy contents up in flames. Bringing in Black Ring necromancers was always a
gruesome business, but necessary.
Many of the paladins were visibly shaken after going into that attic, and Lucian
was glad that Damian had been back at the barracks. But what really puzzled him, howev-
er, was how Kalin had managed to get hold of the children in the first place. The necro-
mancer was exceptionally ugly in appearance and certainly no child would ever willingly
go to him. Perhaps he simply abducted them while they slept, or possibly another Black
Ring member provided them for his experiments. Although they found no evidence in the
house to prove that Kalin wasn’t acting on his own, Lucian sensed that the demonic cadav-
ers were not the work of just one individual.
Later that same day (Divine justice was always swift) Kalin was brought into the
paladins’ court for the execution and cleansing ritual. Shackled and at sword-point between
three paladin guards the necromancer, instead of recoiling in fear at the approach of the
Divine One, spat a black globule of bile into Lucian’s face and screeched out a torrent of
chaotic incantations. Wiping the bile away, Lucian made a mental note to get a new cere-
monial helmet that contained some kind of face guard, as this clearly wasn’t the time to find
yourself having to scrabble around for a handkerchief!
When Lucian looked at the necromancer, he saw that there was nothing but rot
to the core, not one scrap of humanity remained. Despite the thorough persuasion methods
of some of his less-than-patient paladins, Kalin had refused to divulge if there were other
Black Ring members involved in his experiments. In fact, after a couple of hours in the cells,
he’d even bitten off his own tongue to make sure that he couldn’t speak, even if he’d want-
ed to.
Lucian had just drawn his sword to finish the creature, who was now gibbering
hysterically, when the necromancer suddenly lurched forward with what must have been the
last of his strength and impaled himself on Lucian’s blade. As Kalin slumped forward, he
pulled Lucian towards him and, with unusual clarity for a man with no tongue, whispered:
‘He is coming. He will triumph. Death awaits all who oppose him.’
