Page 9

spirit of things.’
‘Look, there’s too much interference gone on here already,’said the female voice again.
‘Just let them get on with it. They’re doing fine on their own!’
‘Oh...okay,’ said the blue lizard god, hanging his head sadly.
On closer examination, Lucian discovered that the stonework formed what
appeared to be the back of some kind of temple. The outside was half crumbled down and
covered in creepers, although when Lucian hacked his way round to where he thought the
door might be, he found that it was completely free of foliage and looked like it had been
used recently. There was even a clear path from the door into the woodlands beyond.
The door wasn’t locked and swung open easily, without even a slight hint of an
ominous creak. The inside of the temple was dominated by a number of large statues, which
Lucian assumed were gods of some sort, all positioned on the edge of a tiled mosaic floor.
The only one that Lucian recognised was Arharis, the God of war, with his giant stone hands
clasped around the hilt of Stormbringer, his ancient sword that had been forged from thun-
derbolt iron.
Next to Arharis was a huge figure that had been depicted riding a giant spider
and seemed to be playing some sort of pipe that had a big bag attached, from which sever-
al other pipes protruded. Lucian recognised it as an imp, but it certainly wasn’t any imp
deity that he’d ever read about.
The rest of the statues were similarly unfamiliar; some of them were human-like,
while others had the bodies or limbs of animals and birds. But one of the strangest statues
was right at the far edge of the floor. The figure was in the shape of a male human wearing
some sort of small cape and some kind of eye protection. It also had slung across its chest
an object that looked rather like a large lute. But it was the position that the figure had been
carved in that made it look so peculiar. The statue had its arms outstretched and its knees
turned in, as if it was about to fall over. Perhaps it was some kind of magic ritual, thought
Lucian as he stared up at it.
As he stood there gazing at the statue, he suddenly felt a slight tugging on his
belt and realised that his money pouch had come loose and dropped onto the floor. As he
bent down to pick it up, something about the mosaic tiles jolted his memory. When he’d first
entered the temple, they’d looked like a jumbled mess of random colours and shapes, but
now that he looked closer there did seem to be something familiar about the lines.
Lucian noticed that there were some steps next to the statue leading up to a raised
platform that looked like it had once been an altar or a pulpit. The steps appeared to be rather
fragile, but he decided it was the only way he was going to get a proper view of the whole
floor.
When he reached the top, Lucian looked down. He did indeed recognise the pat-
tern, and a strange chill ran down the back of his neck. It was the same symbol he’d seen in
the woods, engraved on the armour of the dead orcs. At the moment this revelation hit him,
Lucian suddenly felt himself falling. The crumbling stonework of the platform was giving
16
It was during one of Lucian’s trips that he first discovered the temple of rifts in the wilder-
ness of Rivellon. Although the Divine One was magically gifted and aware of the existence
of rifts, it’s probably a good time to point out that the gods’ leftover portals are not the only
way of passing between worlds. In fact, it has actually become possible to create rifts
between two places and travel safe in the knowledge that the place you left from will be the
place you return to. Lucian doesn’t know all this right now. But he will.
Unknown to Lucian, this technique was pioneered many moons ago by one race
in particular, the Raanaar, who inhabit the world of Nemisis and worship the Goddess Raan,
the Goddess of war, wisdom and honour – from which they derive their name. These
strange-looking creatures are similar in many ways to elves, being both taller than the aver-
age human and slender in build. They also possess sky-blue skin of varying tones. Like the
elves, they are a fiercely proud and arrogant race, with a naturally haughty look from birth.
Even the way they hold their long, thick tails (which, when clad in armour and adorned with
spikes, make formidable battle weapons), is enough to make any normal creature feel some-
what unworthy.
It is only elders of this race that are allowed to practice the art of what they call
Riftrunning, which allows them to create a temporary doorway to another world that can be
open or closed at the Riftrunner’s command. The actual procedure for opening the rifts is a
closely-guarded Raanaar secret, which is taught only to those who reach the highest levels
of their hallowed Academy and prove themselves worthy of this ancient and well-preserved
knowledge.
Despite this encroachment into their territory, the gods are more than happy to
let the Raanaar open rifts wherever they like, as long as they don’t come knocking on their
divine door. Besides, Riftrunning increases the potential for misadventure - and the many
eyes watching Lucian and Damian were proof of the fact that the gods are never happier
than when they’ve got something to entertain them.
Lucian stumbled upon the temple by accident... or so he thought. He had spent
at least a week journeying to an unfamiliar area, past the mountainous region of Tanoroth,
where there had been recent reports of Black Ring activity. He had risen early one morning
to take Goliath out for a ride to warm him up for the day’s travelling. As he was galloping
along a valley, nearby to where the paladins had camped, Goliath slowed to a halt and start-
ed to paw at the ground with his hooves. Lucian dismounted and discovered that the horse
had thrown a shoe, and he was about to walk him gently back to the camp when he suddenly
spotted some stonework that was half hidden by trees.
Back in the other realm, a petulant female voice rose in annoyance ‘Okay… own up,
who threw the horseshoe?!’
The crowd remained silent.
‘I’m serious, who did it?’
More silence.
‘I see you Trogda, hiding behind that pillar. It was you, wasn’t it?’
A small, blue lizard stepped out from behind the pillar. ‘Er,’ it squeaked ‘No, of course
not, no, well...maybe a bit, maybe just ‘helped’ it off. You know, in keeping with the
