Page 10

When Lucian opened his eyes, he was almost blinded by colour. At first, he thought he
must have hit his head during the fall. But when he sat up, he realised that he was no longer
in the temple. He seemed to be standing on some kind of thoroughfare; bodies moved all
around him, bathed in shining colours from every angle, like a thousand rainbow flares had
been let off at once.
Lucian was pretty sure that he must be dreaming, or perhaps hallucinating, espe-
cially when a group of creatures walked past him that seemed to have the bodies of women
but the tail and plumage of birds. Their skin sparkled like the stars and one of them kissed
him on the cheek, and then pressed a piece of paper into his hand. He moved forward,
dreamily mesmerised by the lights and sounds.
‘Hey buddy!’A voice shouted. ‘Hey, yeah buddy I’m talkin’ to ya! Take your medieval ass
back to King Henry’s Palace and move out the way, will ya?’
Lucian turned to see a man, leaning out of some kind of yellow metal cage, wav-
ing furiously at him. Thinking the man had somehow been imprisoned within the contrap-
tion, he wandered over to see if he could be of any assistance, but when he got closer it
appeared that the man had managed to free himself on his own.
‘Look, I’ve got a fare in the back!’ shouted the man, advancing towards Lucian. ‘If you
don’t move right now, I’m gonna move you, understand?’ The man pushed him backwards,
roughly. A little angered by this behaviour, Lucian waved a hand vaguely, with the intention
of casting a minor force-field and protecting himself from this nuisance.
‘Don’t you wave your hands at me, Buddy! And tell your mama to sew you a better cos-
tume, this one smells like something outtuva museum!’ The man pushed him again, this
time with more force, and suddenly Lucian was lying on the floor of the temple. He rubbed
his head and got to his feet unsteadily. Leaning against what remained of the steps for sup-
port, he tried to make sense of what had just happened.
A hint of colour at the base of the statue suddenly caught his eye. When he
picked it up, Lucian realised it was a crumpled piece of parchment which read: ‘Two 4 One
meal deal at King Henry’s Palace 2nite! Buy one banquet dish, get one FREE! Don’t forget
2 drop in and see our world famous ‘Oooh la la!’ dancers all the way from Paris, France.
Children welcome.’
Despite the fact that Lucian couldn’t actually read the language, the piece of
parchment was enough to prove to him that what he’d experienced hadn’t been a dream, but
the results of falling through a rift. Although Lucian had never seen a rift before, he was
aware of their existence. After he’d killed the Damned One, he’d spent nearly six months
with Zandalor being brought up to speed on the history and practices of Rivellon. He’d
learned that rifts were extremely rare and only occurred where the dimensional walls were
thinnest, and that they could only be accurately detected by those with the exceptional gift
of rift-sight.
Zandalor had been doubtful that, despite Lucian’s powers, he would be able to
18
way beneath him. He started to fall backwards towards the strange statue, then felt a strange
sucking sensation all over his body... and then the temple vanished.
A gravelly voice in the other realm whispered something that sounded a lot like
‘ahthankyaverymuch!’
‘Look. I mean it, you know!’ said the female voice, sharply.
~o8o~
