Page 11

Lucian gave Goliath some water and a fresh nose-bag, and sat down in front of the fire with
Zandalor. He began to tell him all about how he’d found the temple and travelled through a
rift.
‘I’ve heard of this place, m’boy, although I’ve never thought to try and find it. One hears of
so many magical things in the world, but I can’t just go off gallivanting around at my time
of life. The temple is said to be built upon a pivotal weak point, where many dimensions
cross. The building acts like a corridor, with lots of doors that lead to other worlds and also
to other areas of this one.’
‘Do you think it’s being used by the Black Ring?’ Lucian asked.
‘It’s possible, yes,’ replied the wizard. ‘But what worries me the most is that you made it
into the temple and through a rift in the first place. You see, although I have never used a
rift myself, I have known of others who have done so; a small, secret order known as the
Rift Mages. There are only four of them, I believe, all with the gift of rift-sight. It is said
that they have dedicated their lives to finding rifts and travelling from world to world, gath-
ering knowledge as they go.
‘I’d always heard that the Rift Mages carefully guarded what few rifts they found, because
being able to walk between worlds, or even travel long distances instantaneously, is no
minor feat and not to be trifled with. Nothing too visually spectacular, you understand. No
armies or giant statues, otherwise that would undoubtedly bring unwanted attention to the
place, but I’d expect a few distraction and illusion spells to ward off any potential visitors.
So you didn’t experience anything like that?’
‘No, not in the least,’ said Lucian. ‘The temple was half hidden by trees, but I didn’t feel the
presence of any magic, save for the rifts themselves.’
‘Most peculiar... most peculiar, indeed,’muttered the wizard. ‘I can’t imagine that the mages
wouldn’t have found the temple, it must be their central hub of activity. The only thing I can
think of is that something has happened to them, or their spells have been deactivated.
Perhaps they took a wrong turn in a world somewhere and couldn’t get back.
‘But,’ he added ‘This does suggest that the Black Ring don’t know about the existence of
the temple yet. I’m sure if they did they would have at least put up some protection spells
of their own.’
‘Well, my paladins have set up a temporary camp a little way away from the temple,’ said
Lucian reassuringly. ‘I’ve also placed a divine net over the temple to stop anyone getting in
and out, but no one came even close to the temple the entire time we were there.’
‘They may just be biding their time. I think I might just take a leisurely journey up there
myself. I have friends in the area. If the temple’s defenses have been weakened, then any-
one might stumble into it. Worse still, the Black Ring could get hold of it, if they haven’t
already, and if that has happened then they will have something of great power in their
hands.’
20
see or even sense these rifts. His magic, rather than having been acquired when young, or
born with him in his blood, had been bestowed upon him later in life. This meant it was
highly unlikely he would have the gift of rift-sight.
This hadn’t presented a problem as far as Lucian was concerned. He had enough
to deal with in the world he was currently in, without worrying about what might be hap-
pening in others. But now that he’d accidentally discovered one of these rifts, he felt com-
pelled to find out more about them.
After recovering his strength enough to walk properly, Lucian headed for the
door of the temple. But as he passed one of the other statues, he felt his arm being pulled
towards it and a tingling feeling running down the side of his body. He stopped and moved
slightly nearer the statue and slowly extended his arm. Suddenly, his hand disappeared
through the statue and felt as though it was being sucked into quick-sand. Lucian pulled it
back sharply and there was a sound like a snail being pulled off a wall. It was another rift.
Despite Zandalor’s pessimism about his lack of rift-sight, Lucian found that
passing through a rift and back again seemed to grant him the ability to physically sense oth-
ers, something the wizard had failed to mention. He still couldn’t see them, but if he stood
close enough he knew they were there. With a little more investigation of the other statues,
he found that the temple contained at least half a dozen more doorways, all of which exud-
ed the same pulling and tingling sensations. It was as if the rifts were not only calling out
to him, but were actively trying to drag him through.
After realising that his powers did not work in the world of colour and lights,
Lucian was understandably nervous about travelling through other rifts in case it should
happen in other worlds as well, leaving him defenseless. Besides, his recent trip had given
him a pounding headache and he felt tired and hungry.
Lucian knew he’d stumbled upon a place of great significance. Moreover, he
couldn’t shake the feeling that the temple would have an important role to play in the future
of Rivellon and the war against Chaos. He decided to send word back to Zandalor that he
would be staying in the area for a while, just to keep an eye on things.
Not wishing to explain to the paladins about the exact contents of the building,
Lucian just gave orders for a temporary camp to be established not too far away from the
temple, as well as regular patrol routes around the area. He also cast a net of divine magic
over the building to protect it from intruders and, more importantly, to monitor what was
happening on the inside of the temple. He certainly didn’t want to place any guards in there,
for fear of losing them in a rift.
After a few weeks had passed, with no sightings of unusual activities around the
temple, Lucian decided to head back home and put his second-in-command in charge of the
camp. When he finally returned to the farm, Zandalor was sitting on the steps to the house
waiting for him, smoking his pipe and whittling a piece of ash.
‘Ah, Lucian, you’re right on time,’ said the wizard, putting down his carving. ‘Let us go in
and have a drink and a bite to eat. Hope you’ve still got some of that honey mead left.’
