Page 12

Lucian’s paladins continued to report back that no unusual activities in the area had been
detected. Not a soul had even attempted to come close to the building and Lucian’s protec-
tion net had not been tampered with.
But the rift temple hadn’t been the only thing worrying Lucian. After his return
to the farm, he called a meeting with the paladins that had remained behind at the barracks,
to inform them about the temple and find out what had been happening in his absence.
Noticing Damian was missing from the ranks, Lucian enquired as to his where-
abouts and was told by one of his Sergeants that the boy had got himself a lady-friend a cou-
ple of villages away and had been spending more time away from the barracks. He’d also
become more surly in temperament and had even started to dodge his chores and, with
Lucian away, the paladins didn’t think it would be wise to try to discipline the boy them-
selves.
After conducting a bit of questioning in the area, Lucian learned that the girl
Damian was seeing was a young witch named Ygerna. While Lucian didn’t have a problem
with witches in general, who were either skilled healers, herbalists, or just pale girls who
wore too much eye make-up, he knew that these ladies sometimes dabbled in unpredictable,
wild magic and he wasn’t too keen on Damian being around such influences.
When he finally managed to track his son down, he started to question him about
Ygerna. But instead of talking to the disciplined and poised young man he’d left behind a
few weeks ago, Lucian found himself talking to an awkward boy, who shuffled his feet and
blushed furiously.
‘It’s not that I mind you seeing this girl,’ Lucian lied, ‘but I will not allow you to shirk your
chores and training.’
‘What’s the point?’ moaned Damian. ‘I shouldn’t still be cleaning floors after two years of
training. And besides, there’s no one left here who can teach me anything new!’
‘All of us have to take turns in doing the grunt work, it’s just the way things are around here
and you know that, Damian!’ Lucian snapped at the boy. ‘So what exactly is this little witch
teaching you, then?’
Damian started to look worried. ‘Just a few new spells. Honestly, nothing dangerous. She’s
very clever...and beautiful. You’d like her Lucian.’
Lucian softened a little at the boy’s obvious embarrassment. ‘Well then, I’ll have
to meet her, won’t I? Why not bring her over for dinner this evening. I believe Floree is bak-
ing one of her pies.’
‘Er, okay, I’ll ask her, but she might not want to come. Just don’t let Floree start getting out
my baby portraits, please? And don’t talk to her about your job, okay? Please? I really like
this girl.’
22
‘I don’t know how much use it will be to them, my powers certainly didn’t work when I
went through the rift into the other world,’ said Lucian.
‘Well, I can’t say I’m that surprised, m’boy. You have power in this world because it is a
place where magic is embraced, but not all worlds are like that, so I’ve read. Some have cho-
sen another discipline over magic, with very different energies. Although magic may be
present in these worlds, unless it is truly accepted by the inhabitants it will just drift around
unused. Undoubtedly this leaves them closed to the reality of dimensional doorways, which
is why we haven’t seen any of the creatures from the world you speak of, in Rivellon.’
~o8o~
