Page 13

He awoke a few hours later to the sound of shouting outside. He was just about
to reach for his sword when he recognised the raised voices as those of Damian and Ygerna.
He couldn’t quite hear what was being said - unfortunately his divine powers didn’t include
better hearing - but it didn’t sound particularly pleasant and Ygerna certainly had a voice on
her when she was annoyed. ‘Young love, eh?’ he said to Monty, who was curled up at the
end of the bed. The dog raised one ear and gave a whine of agreement.
~o8o~
24
Lucian smiled to himself. Damian really hadn’t had that much experience with
women; even the wenches in the village seemed painfully shy of him. Perhaps a little female
company would do the boy some good, teach him about other things that were worth fight-
ing for. ‘Very well,’ he said. ‘I will let Floree know she needs to set another place for din-
ner. Now go and get on with your chores, otherwise I’ll give Floree the key to where your
baby clothes are stored!’
The boy looked momentarily horrified and then gave Lucian a wide grin and dashed off.
Lucian was half expecting to be dining alone that evening. But just as the sun
was starting to go down, a red-faced Damian pushed open the kitchen door, with the new
object of his affection in tow.
Despite having met a variety of not-unattractive witches in his time, Lucian was
surprised to see that Ygerna was a remarkably alluring girl although, he noted, several years
older than Damian. She had a willowy frame, cheek bones you could cut yourself on and
auburn hair, which was neatly secured in a long plait that ran down the length of her back.
Ygerna was almost cat-like in the way she moved, with unusual grace for someone so
young, thought Lucian. When he rose and reached out his hand, her skin felt almost icy-cold
to the touch.
What surprised Lucian most was the reaction of Monty to the girl. The dog was
usually very friendly to strangers - which made him particularly useless as a guard dog - but
as soon as Ygerna came in the room, Monty dashed to the door and barked furiously.
The girl turned out to be well-educated and softly spoken, although the conver-
sation at dinner was punctuated by silences from a hugely embarrassed Damian. Despite his
misgivings about her chosen profession, and a general uneasiness that he put down to a typ-
ical parental reaction, Lucian felt a little better for meeting the girl. She obviously made
Damian happy, and from the way he looked at her, he knew the boy was in love. Besides, it
was unlikely at her age that she knew more than a few harmless healing and animal-calling
spells.
When the pair excused themselves after dinner to go for a ‘walk’, Lucian felt a
small pang of envy. Floree was an angel to have around, but sometimes he missed the more
intimate company of women. In his position, he didn’t think it was advisable to try and cul-
tivate any kind of relationship, although he wished that Damian had been able to grow up
with a mother as well as a father.
‘Youth is truly wasted on the young,’ he thought and took himself off to bed with a mug of
Floree’s homemade herbal tea.
