Page 14

edges. Only one little piece was legible, although for years to come Lucian would wish that
it hadn’t been, and suddenly everything made bone-chilling sense. It was Kalin’s signature.
~o8o~
26
The next day when Lucian rode up to the barracks to look for Damian, he found that his
bed hadn’t been slept in and none of the paladins had seen him around all morning. Ygerna
and Damian had either made up, or he was off licking his wounds somewhere, he thought,
but either way he was sure the boy could take care of himself.
When Damian still hadn’t turned up the next evening, Lucian started to get rather
worried and sent out a few paladin messengers to the nearby villages to find out if anyone
there had seen him. When no news came back, Lucian decided to ride to Ygerna’s village
himself and find out if the girl knew where he was.
When he reached the village and finally located the witch’s cottage, he found
nobody at home. He picked the lock, of course, although he suspected he might be playing
his parental concern card a little too much. The cottage was small and neat, which was quite
rare for a witch, with various herbs and flowers drying from a beam in the ceiling, a large
bookcase filled with dusty tomes, a fireplace, candles and a collection of miscellaneous
things in jars.
There was a tiny bedroom at the back of the cottage which had a small bed in the
corner, more books and another, slightly smaller fireplace. Although the bed didn’t look like
it had been slept in for several days, the scattering of ash around the hearth suggested that
a fire had been lit quite recently.
Lucian knelt down beside the fireplace, swept some of the ash aside and placed
the flat of his hand against the stones. He could still feel slight warmth, which meant that
the fire was fairly recent. From the way the ash had settled, it looked as though Ygerna had
been burning a lot of parchment. She’d obviously been in a hurry, since Lucian could still
see a few scraps that hadn’t been completely burnt.
He picked out a few of the bits to see if he could decipher anything of what had
been written on them. It looked like handwritten letters with spidery writing that certainly
didn’t belong to Damian. He managed to make out a few words, ‘house’ and  ‘forest’ were
two of them, and then he blew the ash off one of the scraps and stopped sharp.. ‘Damian’.
Whoever had written these letters had been writing about his son. The thought flashed
across his mind that maybe it was a letter Ygerna had written to Damian. Perhaps it was to
do with the fight they’d had last night, a letter that she’d decided against giving him. But
when Lucian went back into the main room and discovered some of the witch’s notes in the
margin of ‘Herbs of the Marshlands’, he became certain that it wasn’t her handwriting
either.
Lucian started scrabbling in the ash for any more discernable pieces, until he was
practically kneeling in the fireplace. As he rose to get up, his head struck a small shelf that
had been built into the stonework, used for drying out seeds. When he pulled back, he saw
that there were a few scraps of parchment that had landed on the shelf which he hadn’t pre-
viously noticed. A gust of wind must have blown down the chimney when Ygerna set fire
to them and had subsequently deposited them there.
He checked them carefully. Most were unreadable and badly charred around the
