Page 15

to approach this door until I say so, do you understand?’
‘As you wish, Sir!’
Ygerna was seated on a chair, with her arms and legs securely bound to stop her casting any
spells. Nevertheless, Lucian cast a protection net over himself and the room, just to make
sure.
He wasn’t entirely sure what to say to the girl. ‘So, we meet again’ would be just
too much of a cliché and he had to focus on the fact that, regardless of her relationship with
his son, she was still a member of the Black Ring and he had sworn to rid the land of their
influence. He decided to get straight to the point.
‘Ygerna, where is Damian?’
‘I don’t know,’ snapped the girl.
‘I think you do and I also think you know more about him than you’ve been letting on.’
‘And what if I do, Divine One? Are you scared that he will be even greater than you some
day; that the son will overthrow his father?’
‘I know you are a member of the Black Ring, Ygerna, and I know you are aware of what
Damian could become.’
Ygerna looked defiant: ‘What he ‘is’, Divine One, what he ‘is’. There is no ‘could’ about it.
He is the Damned One!’
Lucian’s stomach churned at the very mention of that name. Had all these years of teaching
really had no impact on the boy whatsoever? He needed to find out for sure exactly what
Damian had been told about his heritage.
‘What have you told him about where his power comes from?’
‘He has heard nothing from my lips. I sought to show him but a fraction of his potential. All
you would teach him is parlor tricks and protection spells, you are jealous of his power.’
‘Tell me, what were you and Damian arguing about after dinner?’
‘He is still a boy. His new powers scared him, but he will grow into them in time.’
If Ygerna was telling the truth, then maybe there was still a chance that Damian had no idea
about the Damned One’s legacy and he could still be steered away from the hands of Chaos.
‘I know you were working with Kalin, Ygerna. I know you helped him find those children
for his experiments. Why did you try to burn those letters?’
‘Why?’ spat the girl. ‘Because I had to watch, as my father became corrupted by the Black
Ring. I had to watch him fall from being a great man, to being a slave to their biddings, until
he had become one of them. They ordered the experiments and if we had not obliged, they
would have killed us as quickly as you killed my father! But there is no redemption for us,
nor would I want one. If I had to do it over again I would.’
So Kalin was Ygerna’s father. Well, that was news to Lucian and, although that didn’t
excuse her actions, it made her venom towards Lucian more understandable. ‘So you
28
A young man’s maiden tryst is a precious thing and no matter what happens, those initial
feelings of euphoria will leave a permanent mark upon his heart and soul. So it was a real
shame that Lucian was going to have to kill Damian’s first love.
As he relocked the door behind him, he took a deep breath and tried to compose
himself. Ygerna would have to be brought in and questioned, but those scraps of parchment
were enough to convince him that he’d found the Black Ring member who’d been working
with Kalin. She was the secret that the foul necromancer had been keeping. Lucian had no
idea whether Damian had realised Ygerna’s true nature, or the fact that she belonged to the
Black Ring. Maybe he had and that was what their fight the other night was about. Despite
her neat little cottage and her seemingly shy ways, he knew that she must be a more pow-
erful witch than he first imagined. The Black Ring certainly wouldn’t want to take anybody
into their ranks who couldn’t hold their own in a fight, no matter how fragile they looked.
Lucian had killed off more Black Ring members over the years than he cared to
remember: mages, necromancers, orcs, elves, even imps, and almost all without a second
thought. The Black Ring was insidious, evil and there was nothing redeeming about them
in the least. Being a member was a death sentence, as far as Lucian was concerned. But then,
he hadn’t ever sat down to dinner with any of them, he hadn’t invited them into his home
and his son certainly hadn’t been in love with them.
He knew that it shouldn’t make a difference, but it did. Damian knew what his
father was, more or less, and what he did for a living, but Lucian had always tried to avoid
getting his son involved in the more brutal side of his work. And he’d strictly forbidden him
to attend the execution and cleansing ceremonies - which were a necessary part of ridding
the land of the Damned One’s influence.
There was no consulting Zandalor on this one - he knew that he’d just point out
what Lucian was aware of already: the girl was a danger to the land and a danger to Damian
and she must be destroyed. When he got back to the barracks, he gave word that Ygerna
should be found as soon as possible and taken straight to him for questioning. More than
anything, Lucian wanted to find out exactly what the witch knew about Damian and what
she had told him. He was sure that none of this would have happened if the boy had become
a blacksmith.
Damian still hadn’t turned up by the time the paladins brought in Ygerna. She
had been found hiding in a cave in the nearby woods and had launched a volley of spells at
the approaching paladins, one of whom had lost his life bringing the witch down. Ygerna
seemed a very different creature now to the quiet and genteel girl that Damian had brought
home with him a few nights ago.
Her hair was loose, but full of knots and cascaded around her like a red water-
fall. The once-feline grace had been replaced by a spitting, snarling wild cat.
‘Secure her and leave us alone,’ commanded Lucian to Ygerna’s guards.
‘Are you sure, Sir?’
‘I’m quite sure, Sergeant. Post a couple of guards at either end of the corridor, but no one is
