Page 16

After Ygerna had been taken back to her cell and the paladins ordered to set up the cham-
ber for the execution ceremony, Lucian slumped into the chair. He knew that the girl was
probably right, that Damian would never understand. How could he be expected to - how
could anyone? It wasn’t as if he was a kid any more and he could hardly just distract him
from the fact he had killed his lover, by buying him a puppy or a big bag of sweets.
But he knew he had to do it. It didn’t come down to a matter of choice, it was
his duty. For the first time, he felt that he utterly loathed his work and the divine position
the universe had kindly decided to drop in his lap. Still, this was the price he had to pay for
not killing the boy when he had found him on the altar as a baby. He’d known then that his
decision would someday cause blood to flow, one way or another, even if it wasn’t Damian’s
own blood. He had made his choice then, and there could be no going back. It was time to
pay the piper.
Damian’s absence was some consolation; it certainly made the task more bear-
able, if nothing else - although he was determined to turn his full attention to finding the boy
once the ceremony was over. Lucian tried to talk himself into believing that, once the boy
was found and it was explained to him how Ygerna had been involved with the killings of
those children, Damian would be fine. Devastated; but fine. Emotionally ripped to shreds,
but essentially fine. He would be okay... probably.
Lucian didn’t feel like moving. He’d just stay in his chair until one of the pal-
adins came to fetch him for the ceremony. Then, all it would take was one swift blow with
his sword, something that he’d done thousands of times before, and it would all be over -
although Lucian had an uncomfortable feeling that it had only just begun. Time began to
slow down to a crawl as Lucian sat in the middle of the room, his chin cupped in his hands,
waiting for the inevitable summons.
He had performed countless executions since he had assumed the role of the
Divine One, but for the first time, Lucian could feel his heart beating in his chest when he
entered the chamber a few hours later. Usually, he was much calmer about this part of his
duties, just wanting to get the job out of the way and take a long walk in the fresh air. He’d
learned to emotionally harden himself against the crying, the begging and the fevered recan-
tations, but he knew that this one would truly test his mettle.
He felt slightly cowardly for blindfolding the girl, although he wished that he,
too, didn’t have to see what he was about to do. Unfortunately, convention and safety dic-
tated that, at the very least, the blade-wielder should actually have their eyes open.
The guards didn’t even need to push Ygerna to the floor. She quietly knelt down
before him, with her head bowed. There was no noise, no fuss, no pleading for a second
chance. It seemed as though the girl was resigned to her fate, even if Lucian wasn’t.
As he raised the sword, its blade seemed heavier than ever and it was a weight
that pressed down against his whole being. As he brought the sword down in a high arc,
Lucian found himself silently praying that Ygerna would find her own peace somewhere,
where the Black Ring could not reach. There was a soft thud as her head separated from her
30
planned to take revenge on me by delivering Damian into the hands of the Black Ring?’
Lucian asked.
‘No. They had already taken my father from me, you simply finished the job. They wanted
me to tell Damian where he’d come from and what he will become, but I would not. Damian
will be great, I promise you that, but I will not let them have any influence over him. They
squabble amongst themselves, they are greedy and selfish; they are not fit followers for
him.’
‘Ygerna, not only are you a member of the Black Ring, but you have aided in the taking of
human lives and, although it pains me, you realise I cannot let you live for that?’
‘You can kill me, but it will not stop him. You can kill all of us, and still his power will be
realised. Do you really think Damian will understand?’
‘You’re right, he probably won’t understand,’ admitted Lucian. ‘But in time he will learn to
forget you. He is an honourable boy, Ygerna. His place is here by my side. He will not turn
his back on his life here and his teachings. Not even for a girl.’
‘You underestimate him at your peril, Divine One. His power will not remain dormant for
long. Once he finds out what you’ve hidden from him and what you have taken, he will hate
you for it.’
~o8o~
