Page 17

body and hit the floor. Then the blood started to flow across the stones, mingling with the
swathes of red hair.
As Lucian looked up, thankful at least that the task was over, he saw that all the
eyes in the room weren’t on him and Ygerna’s fallen body, but rather on the entrance to the
chamber. The doors had been thrown open, although Lucian could have sworn that he did-
n’t hear a sound, and standing in the doorway was Damian, his face as white as a sheet. The
boy stood there for a few moments, his fists clenched tightly by his sides, not making a
sound. Then he simply turned and walked away.
Lucian dropped his sword and ran to the door, but the boy had gone. Because
most of the paladins had been at the ceremony, no one had seen Damian enter or leave. It
was as if he’d just melted away. Lucian fell to his knees and cursed. It was too late; there
would be no gentle explanations now, no ‘plenty more fish in the sea’ chats. The boy would
make up his own mind.
‘Well, that was a stroke of luck, for a moment I thought he was going to miss it.’
‘Did you see his face?! Ho, ho what a look! Ooooh he’s really mad now; that Lucian is
going to get it good and proper!’
‘I can’t see, I can’t see, will someone lift me up please?’
‘This is going to get good. This is going to get really good! I think I’m going to cancel
that war I’ve got scheduled for next week. This is going to be much more interesting.’
‘I don’t like that Damian, he’s got shifty eyes.’
‘Well I think that Lucian is just a boring do-gooder, he never does anything REALLY
fun!
‘Hello? Hello? Can anyone hear me? I can’t see Rivellon.’
‘Oh, will someone PLEASE just lift it up and stop the stupid thing poking my knee!
~o8o~
33
‘You can’t just let him go, Lucian!’growled Zandalor, who was in an especially bad mood
at being called out of bed in the middle of the night. Lucian noticed he still had his slippers
on. ‘I’m sure it must have been very traumatic for the boy seeing Ygerna die like that, but
he can’t be allowed to just wander around unchecked. The gods only know what sorts of
things she taught him, and told him, I’ll warrant!’
‘She said she didn’t tell him anything about where he came from, although the Black Ring
wanted her to,’ explained Lucian.
‘And you believed her?! More fool you, m’boy! She’s a witch and a child killer, what makes
you think the words she spoke would be anything but foul lies?’
Lucian sighed: ‘Because, Zandalor, I am not entirely without gifts when it comes to seeing
the good in people!’
‘Well you certainly couldn’t see the bad in her, could you, eh? Eh?’
‘She was in my house!’ snapped Lucian. ‘She sat down at my table and ate my food,
Zandalor, and I wasn’t about to give her a moral shakedown over dinner - especially in front
of Damian!’
‘You’re too soft. That’s your trouble, Lucian!’
‘Look, this isn’t getting us anywhere. I’ve got half of my paladins out looking for him. I
can’t do anything more until he is found.’
‘Well ready yourself, Lucian. Damian’s knowledge about his power has increased and I’m
certain that will have changed him in some way. Do not assume he is still the boy you once
knew. If he finds you first, you need to be ready for him. If evil has truly surfaced within
him, then it is you, Lucian, who he will come after. And you know what you must do if that
happens.’
Lucian did, although he wasn’t comfortable with the idea one bit. Killing Damian
now would be like an acknowledgment that his teachings over the last fifteen years had
failed; that chaos had triumphed over order. Then, something sparked in his mind:  there
might be another way to rid Rivellon of Damian and cleanse the boy at the same time, with-
out resorting to more bloodshed. He kept his thoughts silent. Zandalor would never under-
stand what it was like to contemplate the task of killing someone who, although not of the
same flesh, Lucian considered in every way to be his son.
If what Zandalor said was true, then Damian might be out to seek revenge on him.
Perhaps only on him, for he was the one who had killed Ygerna. What if Lucian could use
himself as bait and lure the boy to a place where the rules were a little different?
After a week had gone by with no sign of the boy, Lucian decided to put his plan
into action. He gave Monty to Floree to look after and sent her off to stay with her sister in
a nearby town. After casting a strong protection spell over his home village and ordering a
