Page 18

Lucian paused briefly to chop off an orc’s head and pulled Goliath out of the fray. He tried
to see where Damian had vanished to. Then he spied him, a little way off, attacking a group
of paladins who had become separated from the main force. Damian seemed oblivious to
the fact that these were the same men who had protected and played with him for most of
his life. Fire flew from the boy’s fingers at a speed and intensity that Lucian had never wit-
nessed before, and one of the paladins screamed as his armour started melting onto his skin.
Spurring Goliath forward, Lucian rounded on Damian and cast a bolt of white light
in his direction. The bolt struck Damian and he lurched in his saddle. Lucian knew that the
bolt was sufficiently low in energy to do no more harm to the boy than wind him, but it
would be enough to distract his attention.
‘Damian!’ shouted Lucian. ‘Leave them alone! If it’s me you want then come on, why waste
time?’
Damian turned to face him and, throwing his hand back over his shoulder, sent a
ball of fire streaking towards the remaining paladins, then galloped towards his father. But
Lucian wasn’t about to face him here in the open and he urged Goliath round and headed
for the entrance to the temple.
‘That’s right, Damian,’ thought Lucian ‘follow me. I don’t need an audience for this.’
He’d removed the spells from the temple and, now that all the paladins were on the
battlefield, the area was deserted. At the bottom of the steps he quickly grabbed his sword,
dismounted from Goliath, stroked him on the neck, whispered ‘Get out of here, boy’ and
slapped the horse’s rump.
Damian galloped up a few seconds later - even the speed of a demon wolf was no
match for the Divine One’s warhorse. The boy practically fell off his mount in his eagerness
to get to Lucian.
‘Why did you do it?!’ screamed Damian. ‘Why her? Why couldn’t you let us be happy?!’
‘She was a murderer, Damian. A killer of innocent children,’ retorted Lucian, holding the
boy off with a shield spell at the same time as back-stepping his way towards the temple.
‘She was just protecting her father. She knew that if she didn’t do what the Black Ring want-
ed, then they would kill them both. Now you’ve made me go to them, Lucian. You made me
do it. They told me who I really was and what you have been hiding from me all these
years.’
‘I did that for your own good, Damian. I did it to protect you from yourself.’
At this, the boy cast a few fire-balls towards him, which bounced ineffectually off the pro-
tection shield. Lucian could feel the power behind them, though. It was like the boy had
been given a weapon that was too heavy to lift, but every time he struggled with it, he
seemed to grow in strength.
34
few of his paladins to stay and maintain order, Lucian made a very visual spectacle of mov-
ing the rest of the army out of the barracks and towards the site of the rift temple.
It was a risk leaving the village, but inside Lucian sensed that Damian’s target would be
wherever he was. There was still a temporary camp at the temple site, which would serve
well enough, and he didn’t think it would take long for the boy to make his appearance.
And he was right. A few days after the paladins had settled at the new camp, Lucian
got word that Damian had assembled an army of Black Ring members and was moving with
speed towards the temple. Lucian was sure that if the Black Ring had got hold of him, then
Damian would know everything - and the fact that he had amassed a force suggested he
wasn’t dropping by for a friendly chat.
When dawn broke the next day, Damian’s army came into view on the horizon. The
boy was leading them, saddled on the back of a giant wolf. Behind him was an entire com-
pendium of evil: necromancers, orcs, mages and dark warriors - they had all turned out for
the occasion. Lucian noted that the odds were fairly evenly matched between the two forces,
though Damian had pure hatred on his side and that was a powerful weapon.
Damian’s dark army paused. The boy seemed to be addressing them; his lupine
steed paced up and down in front of the ranks.
‘You know what to do, men’ shouted Lucian to the paladins. ‘There is not one amongst you
who I would not call a friend, and now I urge you, my friends, to take heed when I say that
the boy who was once one of us has gone. Do not be fooled by his visage. Take arms against
this sea of evil before us, but leave Damian to me. You fight with law and order on your
side, paladins, and these virtues will be triumphant on this day of reckoning.’
Both sides surged forward and met with a clash of weapons and an explosion of spells.
Lucian waded in on Goliath, his sword whirling around him in a blaze of shining metal. It
was certainly a while since he’d been in a battle of such proportions and he was almost start-
ing to enjoy himself, when he realised that Damian was missing.
~o8o~
