Page 19

Damian’s body, slung it over his shoulder and ventured into the rocky wilderness of the new
world.
He must have carried the unconscious boy for at least an hour by the time he decid-
ed to set him down. Damian was still out cold. Laying the boy down, Lucian summoned the
rest of his powers for one final spell. As he invoked the divine forces a white halo of fire
appeared all around his body.
‘By all that is Divine, I imprison you in this world Damian until I or one of my followers
wishes you to leave. This is my word and it shall be so on this day.’
The spell left the Divine One and transferred into Damian’s unconscious form, slightly lift-
ing his body into the air before gently releasing it back onto the ground.
It was highly unlikely that Damian had acquired rift-sight in his absence, which
meant that he wouldn’t be able to see or sense the doorway back to Rivellon. Even if he
could see a doorway, then the spell would prevent him from actually passing through it.
With any luck, it would also wipe out most of his memory for a while, save for pos-
sibly his own name, and when he regained consciousness the boy would be able to start
afresh in a new world. The spell should also render him powerless, as he would no longer
have the knowledge to remember his spells. He would be alone, defenceless and undoubt-
edly afraid, but at least he wouldn’t be dead.
He gazed down at Damian and remembered how small and frail he had once
looked, sleeping peacefully in his crib. Now, despite living for so long under the influence
of the Divine, the Damned One was struggling back to his full power through the life force
of this boy.
As Lucian walked back to the doorway, he tried to steel himself with the knowl-
edge that Rivellon would now be safe. He knew that, in Zandalor’s estimation, he had just
failed in his duties for a second time by not killing Damian. Even so, he knew that he would
never, could never see his son again and on the inside, his heart was breaking into a thou-
sand pieces.
~o8o~
36
‘You did it because you were afraid I would become greater than you. And I will, Lucian, I
will. When you killed Ygerna, you took away my right to choose. And now there is no
choice to be made anymore!’
‘There is always a choice, Damian,’ shouted Lucian and then realised that he was exactly
the wrong person to be saying that. Had he really not had a choice in killing the girl?
By now, the pair had reached the doorway of the temple, which Lucian had delib-
erately left open. Already, he could feel the rifts a little way off on either side of him, caus-
ing his skin to tingle. All he had to do was get Damian close enough and then apply the
appropriate momentum.
Lucian reduced the magical energies on his protection shield just enough, so that
when Damian cast his next spell, which was an ice spear, the point penetrated the shield and
struck an arm. Lucian winced at the blow, though it wasn’t really hard enough to do more
than bruise him through his armour. He wanted to give the boy the impression that his pow-
ers were weakening. Damian looked triumphant when he saw the spear hit and started to
advance on him.
‘You should have killed me when you had the chance,’ he spat. ‘Day by day I grow more
powerful, while you grow weaker by clinging to your pathetic values of law and order. Can
you not feel it, Lucian? Can you not feel the world moving in my direction?’
Lucian knew that the creature before him, that had mercilessly killed the people
he’d grown up with, was a world away from the kind and noble son he once knew.  It was
only his boyish visage and the thought that there might still be a scrap of humanity remain-
ing within him that prevented Lucian from destroying him for good. In Rivellon, the boy
was lost to him, but perhaps if he was safely secured in another world, away from the influ-
ence of the Black Ring, things would be different.
It was now or never. Lucian pulled himself up to his full height and let the power
surge back into him. Energy crackled from his finger tips and he cast a net of pure divine
power around the startled boy. Then, with the net safely secured to his magical core, Lucian
took a short run-up and threw himself through the nearest rift, dragging Damian with him.
As he left the world of Rivellon, he could have sworn he saw the imp statue above
the rift wink at him, and in the dappled light of the temple the fur on the imp’s spider steed
seemed to ripple gently.
‘Hurrah!’ said a high pitched voice, after the two figures had vanished. ‘Me like, me
like!’
‘Oh good grief, who woke him up? I tell you, if that spider even looks at me funny, it’s
going to lose a leg. Okay?’
Lucian hit the ground first and then Damian tumbled after him. The divine net was
still wrapped tightly around him, pinning his arms to his body and the boy looked like he
was unconscious. Making a mental note of where the rift doorway was, Lucian picked up
