Page 20

what was on the other side. Not that the Raanaar ever willingly travelled through a rift when
they didn’t know its destination. He’d read in one of the history books in the Academy
library that, during the earlier Riftrunning experiments, many Raanaar had been lost that
way. These days, rigid use of rift co-ordinates helped reduce the chance of fatalities.
He gave the boy a short time to recover and then began to open a rift to Rivellon to
send him back home. He led the child gently towards the rift and gestured for him to go
through it. When Damian tried, it was as if he’d walked into an invisible barrier and he prac-
tically bounced off the rift as if it was made of rubber. He tried again and the same thing
happened; he simply could not pass through the rift.
‘How odd, I’ve never seen that happen before in all my years. Perhaps I’m just a bit rusty
at Rift opening. Elder Anlollum would you do the honours please?’
The Elder also tried opening a rift and, when Damian tried to pass through, yet
again he came up against the same resistance.
‘We’re obviously not getting anywhere with this,’ said Anlokar. ‘Please make the human
comfortable in my quarters. He can stay at the Academy until we figure out what to do about
this.’
‘Are you sure that’s wise, father?’ said a stern voice behind Anlokar. The voice belonged to
Anlokam, daughter of the High Elder, who was studying to become a Riftrunner herself.
‘We have no idea why he’s ended up here. He could be a danger to the Academy.’
‘Nonsense, Anlokam. Look at him; he’s just a frightened child, alone in the world. For
Raan’s sake, show some compassion for your fellow creatures, my dear.’
‘He’s no fellow of mine and I just don’t think it’s wise to take him in, father. Remember that
baby fire lizard you found with a broken leg, which you wanted to teach to warm your quar-
ters? It took weeks to get the scorch marks off the ceiling and I don’t think the librarian has
ever managed to replace his book on unicorn wrangling!’
‘Well, how can I concentrate on my paperwork if my feet are freezing?’
‘You nearly didn’t have feet at all, Father!’ snapped Anlokam. He was a kind and generous
High Elder and intensely proud of the Academy and the Raanaar Riftrunners, but it was
amazing how he’d always had the capacity to make her feel like the parent, while he acted
like the child. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d seen him go through a rift, yet he
still managed to retain a spirit of adventure and childlike wonderment at the twists and turns
of life. It was remarkable for a Raanaar of his age.
‘No, I have made up my mind Anlokam. Damian will stay with us in the Academy for now.’
Anlokam sighed loudly at her father and bounded out of the room, her tail swishing vio-
lently in disgust.
~o8o~
38
Elder Anlokar was woken from his nap by a frantic knocking at his study door. ‘Come in,
come in, before you break the door down,’ he grumbled to the knocker.
The Raanaar Captain stepped into the room and Anlokar could tell, from the way his tail was
vibrating from side-to-side, that the creature was in a frantic state. ‘High Elder Anlokar, I
respectfully ask for your presence in the Great Hall. The patrols have found a young male
human wandering in the wilderness. He appears to have no recollection of how he came to
be here.’
‘I’ll be there directly, Captain. Just give me a few moments to wake up properly, will you?’
‘Certainly, High Elder. We shall make him comfortable and await your arrival.’
Anlokar nodded to the man as he left the room and proceeded to gather his thoughts a little.
Back when he was a younger Raanaar, he used his Riftrunning ability to explore various
worlds, many of which contained humans. But the running of the Academy took up so much
of his time these days that he rarely opened a rift, and it had certainly been a while since
he’d seen a human up close.
When he entered the Great Hall a short while later, Anlokar saw that the male human was
quite young at around 15 or 16 years of age - which, by Raanaar standards (who tend to live
as long as elves), was practically a baby.
‘Has he remembered anything at all yet?’ enquired Anlokar to the Captain.
‘Only his name, we think. He keeps repeating the word ‘Damian’ over and over again. A
curious title if ever I heard! Oh, and the place he comes from, Rivellon. The child doesn’t
seem to have much more to say for himself other than that.’
‘Let me talk to him for a bit.’ said Anlokar.
Although the laws of Riftrunning prevented the Raanaar from interfering in the affairs of
any other world that they travelled to, removing objects or causing disturbances, language
was one area in which they were permitted to indulge. Subsequently, the Raanaar had
become fluent in many inter-world languages, including different human ones.
When Anlokar spoke to Damian, he recognised his language immediately, although
exactly why he had turned up in Nemisis was unclear. The human himself didn’t seem to
know, which suggested to the Raanaar that perhaps the creature had accidentally wandered
into a rift. He knew there were a few that lead to Nemisis. That didn’t explain his memory
loss, though. That certainly wasn’t symptomatic of rift travel. Still, this ‘Damian’ looked
harmless enough. In fact, he seemed more frightened than anything else, as he sat huddled
in one of the big chairs with a blanket wrapped around him and his hands cupped around a
mug of hot Floogefrog milk.
The High Raanaar Elder immediately felt sorry for the boy. Rift travel could cer-
tainly be disorientating, especially if you only walked into one accidentally and didn’t know
