Page 21

around worlds dressed in three vine leaves and a garland! It’s just not dignified for a
goddess!’
There were a few muffled giggles.
‘Well, at least I didn’t disguise myself as an ice meteor in order to spy on Princess
Felicia, then get stuck in her bedroom chimney and have to wait until she lit a fire
before I could escape!’
‘Yeah, tubby,’ said a voice from the crowd.
‘I heard that! And I’m not tubby, I’m pleasantly spherical!’
‘Tell that to Princess Felicia!’ said another agitator.
‘Look, I hate to interrupt this romantic banter, but we’ve got a demonic entity to
watch!’
‘Uhhuhhuh... Ladies and gentlemen... ahthankyaverymuch!’
‘Oh, don’t you start!’
~o8o~
40
Anlokam’s mood didn’t improve when a few weeks later, after Damian had failed to regain
any more of his memory, the High Elder announced to his daughter that he was going to pro-
pose that the boy study at the Academy alongside her, in order to become a Riftrunner.
‘Don’t worry, my dear,’ he said, when she once again voiced her concerns about the boy.
‘Damian seems keen to learn, the way he’s picked up our language is astonishing and he’s
practically been living in the library this past week. The Head Librarian says that he has
never seen anyone with such a vociferous appetite for knowledge. Besides, what are we
going to do with him otherwise? We can’t just shut him out in an unfamiliar world, now that
we’ve taken him in. Besides, I think if Damian learns how to open rifts himself, it may very
well solve the problem he’s been having getting back to Rivellon.’
‘I have to admit that he does have a certain charm about him. And he is very intelligent, for
a human. But he needs to learn more about our ways of behaving and stop doing things like
teasing the imp servants all the time.’
‘Well, who in all honestly hasn’t teased those little creatures at least once in their life? Come
on! They’re so silly and gullible that it’s hard to resist. Besides, as I recall, I myself had to
scold you more than once for tying their shoelaces together when you were a young
Raanaar, Anlokam!’
‘Well, be that as it may,’ said Anlokam, rapidly trying to change the subject, ‘I certainly
don’t recall any non-Raanaar having studied at the Academy before.’
‘Consider this an experiment then,’ said Anlokar, kindly. ‘I’ve been looking for a legacy to
leave behind, something I will be remembered for, and training the first human Riftrunner
will be perfect. What do you think?’
‘Oh, I don’t think you’ll be forgotten very easily, father.’ replied Anlokam mischievously
and came over to where her father was standing, linking her tail with his in a gesture of
affection and resting her head on the High Elder’s shoulder. ‘But if you have your heart set
on it and you have the support of the other Elders, then I cannot stand in your way.’
Although some of the more traditional Elders raised concerns over Damian being officially
accepted into the Academy, most agreed that the boy did show potential and, with the prop-
er training, he would become a fine Riftrunner. So, for the second time in Damian’s life
(although for him it seemed like the first), he started to train; this time in the ancient art of
controlling magic rifts in time and space.
‘I tell you, I was beginning to get worried about that boy,’ said the nasal voice in the
far away place. ‘It can’t be good to have so much power in just one person, especially
a mortal… of sorts.’
The female voice intervened: ‘Well, Lucian seems to manage just fine with his powers.
I don’t know why Damian can’t be more like his father. Now there’s a real man! That
reminds me, I think I might take a trip to Rivellon now the fuss is over, perhaps in my
beautiful woodland nymph costume.’
The nasal voice came again: ‘I don’t think someone of your… years should be running
