Page 22

the blame upon himself for Damian’s situation and had been spending every waking hour in
the library, searching for some reason why the boy couldn’t leave Nemisis. He also refused
to listen to her when she told him of Damian’s bad behaviour around the Academy, saying
he had ‘more important things to worry about’.
On one occasion, Anlokam saw Damian deliberately strike one of the little imp ser-
vants for dropping a pail of water in the corridor and she complained to her father once
again (since mistreatment of the servants was strictly forbidden under Raanaar rules). But
all he could say was: ‘Oh you probably misinterpreted it, daughter. Damian would never do
anything more than tease the imps.’
She’d even tried to take matters into her own hands by seeking out the imp who
she’d seen being struck. But although she questioned him gently, so as not to alarm the lit-
tle creature, he seemed to grow afraid at the mention of Damian’s name and refused to talk
to her any further. Well, even if half the Academy was under the spell that the boy seemed
to be weaving, she wasn’t - and she would still keep a close watch on the actions of her
‘brother’. As an extra precaution, she asked a few of her trusted Raanaar companions who
shared her suspicions about Damian, to keep a closer eye on his movements.
~o8o~
42
Damian proved to be a model pupil and excelled in all his studies at the Academy, includ-
ing everything from summoning and protecting yourself from creatures, to the ethics of rift-
opening. In fact, his constant success had started to grate on Anlokam’s nerves after a while.
She had already been studying Riftrunning at the Academy for quite some time before
Damian appeared. Now, not only was he at the same level as her, but it looked like he might
actually get put into a higher class.
She tried to look favourably on the fact that, whenever the High Elder heard praise
about Damian from one of his tutors, he would beam with pride and call him the ‘son he’d
never had.’ It made her feel jealous, but she kept this to herself as jealousy was a trait that
the Raanaar actively discouraged. It seemed to her that any charm she thought Damian pos-
sessed had rapidly disappeared after he was accepted into the Academy and, coupled with
his growing popularity, this meant he was rapidly turning into the ‘brother she never want-
ed’.
Neither Anlokam nor Damian had reached the stage where they were allowed to
open rifts for themselves, since a great deal of the study at the Academy was theory and
methodology. Damian was constantly complaining about how he thought he knew more
than enough to open a rift to Rivellon and that the Elders were just holding him back
because they had never let anyone Riftrun so soon after entering the Academy. Anlokam
wished they would let him open a rift, just so she didn’t have to listen to his whining any
more.
If the truth be known, by the time Damian was finally allowed to open a rift to
Rivellon, she was highly relieved and took pride in the fact that she had managed not to lose
her temper with the boy. Not least because that would have been an unseemly display of
weakness on her part.
Most of the Academy had gathered to see Damian open his first rift, including many
of the students, Anlokam noted with annoyance. Aside from studying, most of them barely
had time to sleep and eat, let alone come and watch other students open rifts. Damian
opened the rift with the ease of someone who had been doing it all their life and he received
a polite round of applause from the onlookers.
But after he had bid goodbye to the Elders and had ceremoniously walked towards
the rift, Damian found that there was an invisible barrier blocking his exit yet again, exact-
ly as there had been on his first day in Nemisis. The boy seemed to go completely crazy at
this, nearly screaming the Academy down and storming out of the room in a sulk. Although
Anlokam wasn’t too enamoured at the prospect of having to put up with him for longer, she
secretly delighted in his obvious frustration.
From then on, Damian became even more unpleasant to be around than ever and
she avoided him as much as she could. The boy seemed to have an almost constant bad tem-
per, mixed with bouts of depression. In a way, she felt a bit sorry for him. He obviously
badly wanted to get back to Rivellon, but childish tantrums weren’t going to help anyone.
What frustrated her most though, was the fact that her father seemed to be taking
