Page 23

the last few times she’d tried to warn him about the boy. But when she went to him, she
found him grave-faced and saddened. He shooed her away, claiming he needed to speak to
Damian immediately.
As the boy entered the room, the High Elder was sitting at his desk waiting for him.
When he saw Damian come in, he locked the door, practically in Anlokam’s face. Although
she knew she shouldn’t, the Raanaar hid nearby, so she was just within earshot of the room.
‘As you know, Damian, since you’ve been here at the Academy, I’ve come to regard you
like a son. You have made me very proud many times over.’
‘Thank you, High Elder, but what is this about?’ enquired Damian.
‘As you know, I have been in Rivellon these past few weeks, searching for some kind of
explanation for you being unable to leave Nemisis. When I arrived in the world, I made a
few enquiries with some of my acquaintances there and they told me I should talk to a
human they called ‘The Divine One’, or Lucian, as I believe you know him.’
Damian stiffened at the mention of the name, although he tried not to show it.
‘This Lucian says he’s very familiar with you, Damian, and after I told him how we had
taken you in and trained you up, and how you still were unable to leave Nemisis, he admit-
ted that he was the reason why you are trapped here.’
It didn’t come as a huge surprise to Damian that there was someone directly keep-
ing him imprisoned here. His memory had gradually started to creep back several months
ago, like fog in the night. Lucian’s spell had certainly wiped his memory for quite some
time, but now he had begun to get images from his past. The memory of someone called
Lucian dragging him through a rift was one of the most vivid, but he still had no idea who
they were, or why this Lucian had done so.
Nevertheless, he was pretty sure that he still had a long way to go before he’d get
his entire memory back. He realised that he would be in a much better position if he just let
the Raanaar believe that they were shaping him from scratch, as one of their own.
‘Oh,’ said Damian innocently. ‘I can’t say I recall that name, Father.’
‘Well, he certainly remembers you. He told me much about your life in Rivellon,’ contin-
ued Anlokar somberly. ‘But what you may or may not have done in another world, before
you came to us, is no concern of the Raanaar. We will not get involved in inter-world poli-
tics. It is in this world and this world alone that we judge you. Lucian claims to have placed
a powerful curse on your head. It will not allow you to leave this place without his permis-
sion or the permission of one of his followers - and he does not intend to give that.’
‘Why can you not lift it, father? Surely you, as the High Elder, must have the power to at
least do something.’
‘Alas, Damian, his power is much greater than mine. The curse can only be lifted by the
44
The temper tantrums continued for a while, with doors being slammed and the poor imp
servants forever having to sweep up broken bits of vases and plates. All this time, her father
was still spending his days in the Academy library, until he suddenly emerged one evening
and proclaimed that he was going to open a rift to Rivellon himself, to see if he could find
out any information regarding Damian’s predicament.
With her father gone, Anlokam was convinced that Damian would become more
problematic than ever but, surprisingly, the boy seemed to settle down. Now that he knew
pretty much everything the Raanaar could teach him about Riftrunning, he started to spend
more time exploring outside the Academy walls. He was sometimes gone for a few days at
a time, and had apparently been sighted in one of the imp villages, talking to the village
Shaman.
It was nice to have a bit of peace and quiet in the Academy again. It allowed
Anlokam to finish her own Riftrunning studies, which were only marred by the absence of
her father. Alongside the jubilation of becoming a fully-fledged Riftrunner, Anlokam (who
was beginning to think she was turning into a serial worrier), still remained anxious about
Damian’s true motivations. This was especially due to the fact that he seemed a little too
interested in the Raanaar temple, particularly the holy protection crystal.
The crystal had been put in the temple of Raan, which was located not too far away
from the Academy, long before she was born. It was put in place as protection against the
creatures that inhabited the demon dimensions. Back then, the demons had discovered a rift
in their world that led to Nemisis, and had poured through in great numbers to try and claim
the Raanaar’s lands for themselves.
A great battle had ensued and many Raanaar were wiped out because the demons
were able to draw energy from the demonic planes, which allowed them to regenerate quick-
ly. When all looked lost, a scouting party heard about a meteorite that had crashed in the for-
est near an outlying imp village. When they went to the site, they found the meteorite had
crystallised on impact. Thinking it was a sign, the Raanaar took the crystal back to their tem-
ple and offered it to Raan as a token of their devotion to her.
The crystal proved powerful enough to seal the rift between Nemisis and the
demonic planes, so that no more creatures could come through. As for the demons that were
still left in Nemisis, they found themselves unable to siphon energy from their home world
and could therefore be destroyed by persistent Raanaar attacks.
Ever since then, the crystal had been closely guarded by the Raanaar and also
enveloped by very powerful protection spells, apart from when it was being cleaned by
imps. Aside from a few of the highest Raanaar Elders, no one else was allowed in the crys-
tal chamber, although many Raanaar regularly went to pray in the temple itself. According
to her ‘observers’, even Damian hadn’t been able to gain access to the inner sanctum where
the crystal was kept, although he had been asking a lot of questions about it.
When the High Elder finally returned, she was anxious to tell him about Damian’s
suspicious behaviour - even though she wasn’t sure he’d take her any more seriously than
