Page 24

‘So much strength,’ whispered the High Elder after she had gone. ‘He is so angry, so very
angry... he wants to break the world.’
Despite scouring the surrounding countryside for several hours with the rest of the
Raanaar guards, Anlokam could find no trace of Damian. It was with a heavy heart that she
entered her father’s study once more, to remove his body for the last rites. She gently closed
his eyes and sat on the floor of the study, cradling her father’s head in her lap. At last she
could cry.
There was a loud sound as the nasal voice blew its nose. ‘Oh that’s so sad, the poor
creature.’
‘Oh show some backbone, you big, soft God!’
~o8o~
46
Divine One or one of his own.’
‘I don’t believe you!’ shouted Damian, the blood starting to pump faster through his veins.
‘I think you’re deliberately keeping me here, to show me off as some kind of experiment,
to make you look good. The first human to become a Raanaar! I don’t think you want me
to leave at all!’
‘Now Damian, you know I loved having you at the Academy. But I wish for nothing more
than your happiness, in whatever world you choose.’
The High Elder’s calm tone just seemed to infuriate Damian even more and he started to
pace about the room noisily, knocking over anything in his path. Anlokam heard the raise
voiced and ran to the door. She began banging on it and calling for her father.
‘I will not stay in this place, you can’t make me!’ she heard Damian scream. Then she heard
a strangled cry that she recognised, in horror, as her father’s voice.
She began to throw her full weight at the door which, despite being quite solid, started to
buckle and flex. Even for a female Raanaar (who were similar in build to the males and cer-
tainly their equals physically), she was very strong. When the lock finally broke, Anlokam
entered the room and saw the tableau of Damian standing with his hands locked around her
father’s throat.
‘By the grace of Raan, what have you done?!’ she cried, as Damian released his grip and the
High Elder’s body slumped to the floor.
‘He wouldn’t let me leave Nemisis,’ the boy half-whispered as Anlokam rushed to her
father’s aid. ‘I have to leave, I have to leave this place, do you understand?’
Anlokam pulled herself up to her full height, which was substantially taller than Damian,
and her tail whipped backwards and forwards menacingly. She edged towards the boy, her
eyes full of hatred and pain.
‘Stay back, witch!’ the boy screamed.
But the Raanaar started to close in on him, mirroring his movements with hers. As
they drew closer to each other, it seemed like she had him cornered. Damian fixed Anlokam
with an icy look of defiance, picked up a fallen chair and hurled it at her. As she ducked, the
boy seized the opportunity, sprinted past the broken door and out into the corridor before
she could catch him. Anlokam turned to her father and knelt down beside his limp body. He
was barely breathing and not long from death. She knew there was nothing she could do for
him now and it was up to her to hunt Damian down and protect the Academy.
‘I promise I will find him, father,’ said Anlokam, entwining her tail with his and trying to
choke back the tears. ‘Raan go with you.’
She kissed her father’s forehead and bounded out after Damian.
