Page 25

us so badly?’
‘There is no time to speculate. The crystal is gone and you know what that means, you’ve
read your history books. As soon as the demons find the rift is open again, they’ll come
flooding through. You must secure the temple at all costs and ready your priestesses for bat-
tle. I’m going to open a rift to the Academy and make sure the Raanaar there are prepared
as well.’
Mobilising the Raanaar turned out to be much harder than she thought. Many of
them didn’t know much about the first demon war, while others just thought it was a myth.
In the end, she had to get things done in the way her late mother had: by a lot of shouting.
In a few hours, she’d managed to fully arm all the warriors and get the mages working on
a few powerful mass-damage spells, but she knew her history very well and she was only
too aware that she might be leading her troops straight to their deaths.
It wasn’t until dusk that the first of the demons appeared on the horizon, sniffing
the wind with its fanged snout. It threw its head back and bellowed out a terrible cry and
behind it, emerging out of the falling darkness, came hundreds more. They were all differ-
ent shapes; some looked like giant lizards, others like flying bears, but all with one intent:
to crush the Raanaar and their Academy.
‘Ready yourselves, Raanaar,’ bellowed Anlokam. ‘Hit them hard and fast, try and damage
them as much as you can. If they come back for more, then give them more! The Academy
must not fall!’
As the first wave of demons surged forward, the mages, who were lined up on the
Academy roof, unleashed an arsenal of spells and lit up the sky with fire, storms, ice-bolts
and lightning spears. From her vantage position on the second floor balcony, Anlokam
couldn’t quite see if the demons were regenerating. She tried to focus on one, a flying-badg-
er demon. It had just been struck full-on by a fire-ball and, as she watched, she saw the crea-
ture (which should have been burnt to a cinder by such a spell) get up groggily after a few
minutes and take to the air again.
Anlokam could have curled up and died, right there and then. But she knew she had
to be strong for the rest of the Raanaar. ‘Just keep them busy, Raanaar, they’ll have to go
and rest at some point. Summon some golems and elementals, and try and draw them away
from the Academy walls!’ she yelled to the mages and rushed towards the Academy
kitchens.
The Raanaar forces may not be able to make much headway in destroying the
demons, but at least they could hold them back for a while and buy her some time. And that
might just be enough to find an end to this madness.
She burst into the kitchen, where about six imps were hiding under the large oak
table. ‘I need a volunteer,’ she shouted and pulled the nearest imp out by its ears.
‘Ow! Ow! What you want, H’Elder? Me frightened by loud bangs! We all frightened.’
48
After Anlokar had been laid to rest in the temple of Raan, Anlokam assumed the title of
High Elder and took control of the Academy, as was her birthright. Her first task was to
increase the guard level at the Academy and the temple, as well as ordering twice-daily
patrols of the area. That final look in Damian’s eye told her it wasn’t the last she was going
to see of him. Well, when he came, she would be ready.
Time passed but there was no sign of Damian. Anlokam knew that he must be
somewhere on Nemisis, biding his time. Unfortunately, the Raanaar patrols were getting
decidedly bored of scouring the same area, day after day, without seeing a single thing apart
from a few imp mushroom-gatherers. They’d even started moaning that they wanted to go
back to the Academy and do some studying.
Anlokam took the decision to reduce the patrol groups to once daily, just to restore
a bit of harmony among her people. However, she insisted that the guards on duty at the
temple and the Academy could not be stood down under any circumstances. In fact, she
decided to pay the temple guards an impromptu visit one evening, just to see that they were
doing their job properly, and also pay her respects at her father’s tomb.
She was glad to see that the guards looked bright and alert at her approach and
everything appeared to be in good order. After she’d prayed at the tomb and received a
blessing from the High Priestess Ranyanam, she decided to visit the inner sanctum because
just seeing the crystal always made her feel alive with energy.
When she reached the chamber, Anlokam was just about to begin a prayer to Raan,
when she suddenly felt that something was different. The room was somehow darker. She
looked up towards the crystal plinth which usually lit the room with a cool blue light and
saw that the crystal was no longer there. In its place was a large, brown mushroom.
‘Oh, Damian,’ she thought. ‘Not the crystal, not the crystal, anything but that.’ She rushed
out of the room and called for Ranyanam.
‘Who’s been in that room?’ she demanded.
The High Priestess, who wasn’t used to being spoken to like that, looked taken aback and
answered rather haughtily. ‘Why, only the cleaning imps. Have they not dusted properly?’
‘You could say they’ve dusted a little too well,’ responded Anlokam sharply. ‘The crystal is
gone, there’s nothing there but a big mushroom!’
The High Priestess went almost grey with fright. ‘But, but, how could this have happened?
I don’t understand!?’
‘Can’t you see, Ranyanam? The imps must have taken it and I have a good idea who encour-
aged them to do it. I thought Damian had been spending a lot of time up at the imp vil-
lage...now I know why!’
‘But to take the crystal, doesn’t he realise what that will do to us? Why does he want to hurt
