Page 26

When dawn arose the next day, it did not bring with it the hope that Anlokam longed for.
In fact, all it brought with it was the dead body of the imp messenger. The poor creature had
been found pinned to the door of the Academy by a spear, with her letter stuffed in its mouth.
The second blow of the day came when she received news that the Raan temple had
been besieged by demons during the night and that all inside had been slaughtered. Anlokam
was at a loss; her vain hopes of any kind of negotiation had been dashed. The holy temple
had fallen, she’d sent an innocent creature to its death and, to make matters worse, the
mages were so exhausted they could barely summon up the strength to fight. The demons
had closed in on the Academy and some of them had even managed to get into the outer
courtyard, where she could hear them fighting with the Raanaar warriors.
Anlokam knelt at the little altar in the basement of the Academy and, with every
inch of her being, prayed to Raan for an answer to their plight. In fact, she was so desper-
ate for any help right now that she opened up the prayer to whoever might be listening.
‘Greetings,’ drawled a low voice behind her.
Anlokam spun around and saw that, in the corner of her room draped over a chair, there was
a rather overweight demon dressed in a black robe.
‘How did you get in here?’ she demanded.
‘Well, I am a demon you know. Besides, you left the back door open. Oh don’t worry, I did-
n’t tell anyone.’
‘Are you controlling those things out there?’
‘Afraid not, my dear. Battles are not really my thing, I’m more a lover than a fighter, you
see? The name’s Asmodheus,’ he said, in a voice like honey mixed with gravel.
‘Why are you here, Asmodheus? Have you come to mock my people and I in our darkest
hour?’
‘No, no my dear, I wouldn’t want to see a pretty little thing like you torn apart by those filthy
creatures out there. I’ve come to offer you a deal.’
‘What kind of deal?’ asked Anlokam suspiciously; demons were not known for their abili-
ty to bargain, as the little imp body on the door had reinforced to her.
‘Not here, my dear. Let us go back to my place for a more *ahem* intimate chat.’
Without waiting for a response, the demon clicked his scaly fingers together noisily and
Anlokam found herself in a room that looked like it had been decorated by one huge piece
of red velvet.
‘Take a seat and have a grape, Anlokam. Or try the plums, they’re quite lovely.’
‘I’m not interested in fruit!’ snapped the Raanaar. ‘What do you know about what’s been
going on here?’
‘Well I know that your suspicions about young Damian were correct,’ said Asmodheus.
50
‘I need an imp to take a message to the demon commander. Imps are part demon and fast,
they won’t be so bothered about attacking you.’
There was some muffled chattering from under the table and then silence.
‘We not stupid,’ said a voice from underneath the table.
‘Please?’ she tried.
There was more chattering and then a little voice said: ‘Me go, H’Elder.’
She looked down and recognised the imp that she’d seen Damian strike all that time ago,
the one she’d tried to help.
Anlokam smiled down at the little red creature. She grabbed a quill and parchment
and quickly scribbled a note, then sealed it with a little wax and her official High Elder seal.
‘Thank you, little friend. Try and find your way to the back of the demon forces. Look for
whoever is in charge and give them this. It’s a note asking their commander to meet me at
the temple to talk.’
‘Me go speedily,’ said the imp, who gave Anlokam a small salute and rushed off.
~o8o~
