Page 27

completely. The demons were gone and the Academy was still standing. There was just no
one left to appreciate it. She knew that the demon had her on what he would call a ‘techni-
cality, my dear’ and she had no real choice but to go to him, as promised.
At least she knew that the Raanaar ghosts would keep the place safe. Perhaps other Raanaar
would come there one day and benefit from the knowledge encased within its walls. She
gathered up a small bag of her belongings and, closing the main door behind her, said: ‘I’m
ready.’
‘Of course you are, my dear.’
*click*
In the other realm, the crowd started to thin out.
‘Is that it?’ said the nasal voice.
‘Oh... well that was rather sad, wasn’t it? And I was hoping for a happy ending,’sighed
the female voice.
‘At least there was a lot of action. And bloodshed, I liked that.’
‘You would!’
‘Uhhuhhuh’ someone muttered in the background.
‘What’s that the King’s saying?’
‘Something about going for a Holy Hamburger, I think.’
‘That sounds lovely. I think I’ll join him.’
‘After that, I’ve heard there’s a great story going to happen with this Paladin that’s
been soul-forged with a Death Knight!’
‘That sounds like a good one! Let’s go there after the burgers. What say you, Elvis?
‘Yeah-mumma-Uhhuhhuh!’
‘I think that’s a yes!’
~o8o~
52
‘He was behind the stealing of that crystal. The boy got the imp Shaman from that little vil-
lage to dress up as one of the cleaning imps and do the old mushroom-crystal switcheroo.
Not very original, I have to say, but it fooled those daft priestesses of yours.’
‘But suffice to say,’ he continued, ‘that I don’t think you’ll be seeing that crystal again for
a while. I’ll tell you about that another time, though. Now... how about a peach?’
‘No fruit! You mentioned something about a deal?’
Asmodheus sighed and selected a pear from the fruit bowl: ‘Oh very well, I will make sure
that this little Academy of yours is safe, I’ll even drive the demons out and in return, you
promise to become my servant for as long as I wish, sound fair?’
As much as she hated the idea of becoming the servant of this loathsome creature,
Anlokam realised that she was fast running out of options. Of one thing she was sure: the
Academy and the Raanaar could not stand up to the demon onslaughts for much longer, now
they’d actually made it inside the walls. The proposal certainly sounded ideal; if the
Academy could be saved, then the Raanaar could rebuild their lives again. Apart from giv-
ing up her own life, which she was more than willing to do for her people, she couldn’t see
a catch.
She took a deep breath: ‘Very well, I’ll do it. I promise. But it needs to be done now,
there isn’t much time.’
Asmodheus smiled a broad smile, revealing a mass of discoloured teeth. ‘Excellent,
my dear, excellent! Now run along back to the Academy and get your things. When you get
there, you’ll find it’s all safe and sound again.’There was a loud *click* and Anlokam found
herself back in the cellar of the Academy.
The sounds of battle had ceased and the place was eerily quiet. She climbed the
stairs up to the Great hall and pushed open the door cautiously, then clasped her hand to her
mouth. There were no demons, but lying across the floor were dozens upon dozens of dead
Raanaar bodies. She picked her way through the corpses, calling out for anyone who might
still be alive, but to no avail. The place was a tomb. The demon had lied to her!
Anlokam collapsed in a heap and sobbed, utterly broken. They were tears of sad-
ness, anger and frustration, for her father, for all the dead Raanaar, for everything, all rolled
into one anguished lament. Then suddenly, through her tears, she saw a grey shape moving
at the end of the hall. Thinking that one of the Raanaar might still be alive, she picked her-
self up and then stopped in her tracks when she recognised the movement.
It was a ghost; a Raanaar ghost. As she watched, more grey shapes appeared and
started floating towards her. The ghosts encircled her and whispered her name. They didn’t
seem angry, they just seemed sad.
‘I’m sorry,’ she cried to the grey figures. ‘I tried to save the Academy.’
‘You did, Anlokam, you did,’ whispered one of the ghosts.
‘We drove them out.’ said another.
Anlokam realised that Asmodheus hadn’t lied at all. In fact, he’d kept his word
