Page 84

•
MYSTERY AND ADVENTURE
Rolls Royce. The headlights are still on. You can see that the man is
puffing on a long, thin cigarette in a silver cigarette holder. The
man studies a sign near the pond. Then he walks to the trash can
and throws
in his cigarette, holder and
all. You hear the holder
rattle against the metal trash can.
Now the man reaches into the car and does something that you
cannot see. He moves to the back of the car and leans against
it.
Grunting loudly, he pushes the car into the pond. From the edge of
the pond he watches as the car sinks beneath the water.
Through the telescope you watch in amazement as the man starts
to roll on the ground, scraping his hands against the rough cement
surface. The he rubs the dirt and blood into his hair; finally the man
lies
still.
You hear police and ambulance sirens. The man is lifted into the
ambulance and driven away. The police remain busy at the pond's
edge. Quietly you move your telescope and go back behind the tree.
You fall asleep. When you wake up the next morning, you find that
the park has been sealed off by the police.
You try to sneak under the broken fence, but a security guard
grabs you. He threatens to bring you to the police for having been
in the park overnight. You explain about your interest in astronomy
and show off your new telescope. The guard is kind, and lets you
go.
"The park is closed today," he says. There was an accident last
night—a Rolls Royce skidded into the pond. They'll be lifting it out
today. Plenty of car company people will be swarming around like
bees."
The guard goes on to tell you that the driver crashed because his
brakes failed. "He was lucky to be able to jump out of the car before
it took a dive. He'll sue the company and make a fortune—as soon
as he gets out of the hospital."
You know that you must tell the car-company investigator what
you saw. "That was no accident," you tell him, explaining what you
saw through your telescope.
"I'd
really like
to
believe you," he
says. "You could
save our
company a lot of money. But who is going to believe the story of a
kid who was illegally in the park at night? The man's lawyer would
