Path: 2 -> 3 -> 5 -> 16 -> 24 -> 38 -> 39 -> 87 -> 88 -> 89 -> 91 -> 92 -> 93 -> 32 -> 64 -> 65 -> 102

=== Step 1: Page 2 ===
Page 2

You've hiked through Snake Canyon once be-
fore while visiting your Uncle Howard at Red
Creek Ranch, but you never noticed any cave
entrance. It looks as though a recent rock slide has
uncovered it.

Though the late afternoon sun is striking the
opening of the cave, the interior remains in total
darkness. You step inside a few feet, trying to get
an idea of how big it is. As your eyes become used
tothe dark, you see what looks like a tunnel ahead,
dimly lit by some kind of phosphorescent material
On its walls. The tunnel walls are smooth. as if they

=== Step 2: Page 3 ===
Page 3

were shaped by running water. After twenty feet or
so, the tunnel curves. You wonder where it leads.
You venture in a bit further, but you feel nervous
being alone in such a strange place. You turn and
hurry out.

A thunderstorm may be coming, judging by
how dark it looks outside. Suddenly you realize the
sun has long since set, and the landscape is lit only
by the pale light of the full moon. You must have
fallen asleep and woken up hours later. But then
you remember something even more strange. Just
last evening, the moon was only a slim crescent in
the sky.

You wonder how long you’ ve been in the cave.
Youare not hungry. You don’t feel you have been 4
sleeping. You wonder whether to try to walk back
home by moonlight or whether to wait for dawn,
rather than risk losing your footing on the steep
and rocky trail.

If you decide to start back home,
tum to page 4.

If you decide to wait,
tum to page 5.

=== Step 3: Page 5 ===
Page 5

You wait until morning, but, as the rosy wisps of
dawn begin to light the eastern sky, a chill and
forbidding wind begins to blow.

If you seek shelter, turn to page 6.

If you brave the freezing wind to
see more of the coed abou you,
tum to page 16.

=== Step 4: Page 16 ===
Page 16

You resolutely trudge along a rocky ridge. It has
been cleared of whirling snow by the fierce wind,
which bites and blows against your body.

The world seems transformed, and much for the
worse. You must find a house or a cabin—people
who can help you—or you will die.

As you ponder your fate, you stumble and fall,
plunging into a deep crevasse. You black out and
later awaken, still shivering, but in a warmer place
at least. By the dim amber light, you can see that
somehow you have fallen back into one of the
chambers in the Cave of Time. A passageway
leads to the right, another to the left. Does one lead
to the future and one to the past?

If you enter the left-hand passageway,
tum to page 24.

If you enter the right-hand passageway,
tum to page 25.

=== Step 5: Page 24 ===
Page 24

You follow the left passageway. It leads upward
to the surface. Before you, a grassy meadow
slopes down to a clear, fast-flowing stream; be-
yond it are pine-covered foothills stretching in the
distance toward snow-covered peaks. You might
be in Wyoming in your own time, but, whatever

: time it is, the world you see appears to be a hospi-
i table one.
i You notice a herd of buffalo grazing. But
i nowhere can you see a house, or fence, or road, or
| any sign of human presence. It is possible you are
living hundreds, perhaps thousands, of years ago.
| You gaze upward. One of the puffy, white
| cumulus clouds is moving in a strange fashion. It is
| descending! A spaceship is landing right before
your eyes, only a few hundred yards away!

If you hide from view,
tum to page 38.

Tf you go up to the spaceship,
tum to page 40.

=== Step 6: Page 38 ===
Page 38

You feel you must be far in the future. Are you :
really looking at an alien spaceship? If so, you
would rather watch from a safe distance. You
climb rapidly up the hill—wondering how you got
to this strange time.

Ahead of you is a niche in the rocks. You step
inside. You realize you are in the bottom of the
crevasse you fell into from the Ice Age. Even if you
wanted to get back to that time, there is no way

: you could do so. You keep walking. Eventually
| your approach open ground on the opposite side
of the hill.

Now you can see a vast stretch of open
country—hilly, rocky, and mostly barren. Yet
thousands of people are constructing a huge wall!
All over the landscape you see oxen pulling carts
filled with rocks. The wallis at least twenty feet high
and extends as far as the eye can see.

Ladders are strung up against the wall, and on
every rung a man or woman is stationed. They
hand rocks up one to another to the top of the wall.

=== Step 7: Page 39 ===
Page 39

You find this sight hardly less amazing than the
sight of the alien spaceship, for it appears that you
are witnessing the building of the Great Wall of
China.

If you go up to the wall builders,
tum to page 82.

If you return to the crevasse,
tum to page 87.

=== Step 8: Page 87 ===
Page 87

You have no desire to be involved in building
the Great Wall of China, or, for that matter, to be
taken to another planet by aliens. You walk back |
into the crevasse, hoping to find a tunnel that |
might lead to another time. You walk along the
bottom of the crevasse and reach an opening on
the other side of the ridge, where you half expect
to see the rolling countryside, the stream and the
space ship that were there before.

; Instead, the crevasse leads to the ocean! Like a

/ bad dream, where the scene suddenly changes

| into something entirely different, you find that the
hills have become waves, which surround you so
that the rock you are standing on is only a reef

; protruding a few yards above the wind-swept seas.

And there seems to be no escape, because, for all

you can tell, you are standing on the only land in

the world.

: The End

=== Step 9: Page 88 ===
Page 88

You walk back through the cavern, wondering if
the entrance will still be blocked by ice. This time,
though, you are greeted by a warm breeze. Sun-
light is shining on the ground near the entrance,
and you walk outside.

Squinting your eyes in the bright light, you see a
world totally different from the one you know. You
are on a hillside. For miles and miles you can see
grassy plains speckled with lakes. Nearby isa forest
of towering fers, swaying in the wind. The world
before you seems strangely quiet, except for the
faint rumbling of distant thunder. Suddenly, the
thunder seems much closer—and louder. The
thundering sound is moving through the ferns.
You run up the hill looking for a place to hide. A
huge shadow passes on the ground. Above you,
soaring through the air, is a creature larger than
any bird you have seen.

Go on to the next page.

=== Step 10: Page 89 ===
Page 89

Now it is clear what has been happening. The
cave is a crack in the universe—a place outside
space-time. Once inside its tunnels you could find
yourself at any place, at any time. If you enter
again you might be sent to a place from which you
could never escape. Yet that is your only hope of
returning to your own place and time.

If you go back into the cave,
tur to page 90.

If you remain outside,
turn to page 91.

=== Step 11: Page 91 ===
Page 91

Reasoning that you can always find your way
back into the cave when you want to, you decide
to explore the world in which you have found
yourself.

You make your way along a rock ledge over-
looking the plains and lakes, taking care to keep
your bearings so you can find your way back to the
cave.

By now you are getting very hungry. You know
that you are in the age of reptiles—at least 100
million years ago—and that mammals may not yet
have appeared on earth. There will be no rabbits
or deer to hunt, though the lakes may contain fish.
You wonder how dinosaur eggs taste.

You follow a wide path through the fern trees.
When you round the first bend, you find yourself
face to face with the horrible Triceratops, a great
gray monster almost hidden behind its shields and
horns. It looks at you curiously with dull brown
eyes. You tum, run, and crash into a tree trunk—
one that wasn’t there before!

The bark feels like leather. You look up to see
how high it is—into the jaws of Tyrannosaurus
Rex.

=== Step 12: Page 92 ===
Page 92

Youcontinue a long distance until you come to
the next tunnel. From there it is only a short dis-
tance until you reach the surface. An amazing sight
meets your eyes.

‘As far as you can see, the land looks like a
beautiful park, with soft, feathery grass and tower-
ing trees. Here and there are clusters of multi-
colored, dome-shaped buildings, connected by
ramps, terraces and walkways. Some people
dressed in simple khaki pants and shirts and tan
sneakers walk up to you. They do not understand
your language, nor you theirs They look much
like the people of your time except that they are
unusually trim, muscular, and healthy looking,
and they are a good deal smaller than your own
people.

They take you inside a dome-shaped building
and show you electronic equipment that looks like
acomputer. You notice a typewriter, so you sit at it
and type a message.

The computer prints out a reply. It apparently
has access to memory banks containing your lan-
guage. You soon discover you are livingin the year
3742.

Tur to page 56.

=== Step 13: Page 93 ===
Page 93

You dive down into the tunnel, hoping you can
t make it back to an earlier time. Gratefully, you feel
? cool, damp air coming up from the cave. You are
curious to try the next tunnel you come to, thinking
: that it may show the state of the world just before it
; began to burn up from the intensifying heat of the
: dying sun, or that it might show what happened
afterward! But you suspect that a tunnel further on
might be more likely to lead you back to your own

time.

If you take the first tunnel,
tum to page 31.

If you take a tunnel further along
the way, turn to page 32

=== Step 14: Page 32 ===
Page 32

1g? 1

After following the passageway for a consider-
able distance, you enter a very large tunnel that
seems as likely as any to lead you back to your own
time. You continue along and soon notice that the
floor of the tunnel is becoming sandier. Perhaps
you are coming to a beach. Then the sand gives
way under your feet; you slide through sand and
rising dust. You cannot stop yourself—it is too

4 steep; then there is nothing under your feet, anda

} moment later you land in deep water. You swim to
the surface and catch your breath. You are in an
underwater grotto, which seems completely
sealed off except for a portion of its roof that is
open to the blue sky. You swim to a large, smooth
rock sloping into the water.

The sand is white, and the water transparent.
The rocks are made of crystalline material of the

fh most delicate shades of blue. For a moment you

+ are overwhelmed by the beauty of the scene be-

4 fore you, but you soon begin to wonder whether
youcan escape from it. There is no way of climbing
out through the opening in the roof.

You dive down in hopes of finding an underwa-
ter passageway that might lead to freedom, and
you find one! But could you swim through it before
running out of air?

‘ If you try to swim through
the undenwater tunnel,
tum to page 58.

If you decide to wait,
tum to page 64.

=== Step 15: Page 64 ===
Page 64

Swimming through the underwater tunnel may
be the only way to get out of the grotto, but the risk
of drowning seems too great. You explore the
rocks in the grotto and think about how you might
possibly get up through the roof.

Suddenly a voice calls, “Hello.” You whirl
around and notice for the first time, huddled in the
comer, a woman with sparkling blue eyes and a
mysterious smile. She is sitting crosslegged,
propped against a rock which is shaped in a way
that gives her a comfortable seat. In her hands she
is holding a flute, and as you stare in amazement
she plays an unfamiliar melody with a sweetness
and purity of tone such as you have never heard.

“Hello,” you reply. ““Tell me—who are you and
how can we get out of here?”

“Sit down,” she says, “‘and relax. You have all
the time in the world.”

“What do you mean?” you reply. “I am
trapped. I slid down from the Cave of Time and I
want to get out.”

“Believe me,’’ the woman says, ‘‘there’s no way

=== Step 16: Page 65 ===
Page 65

to get out; but do not be concerned. It is a beautiful
place and you can be very happy here.”

“But we'll starve. How long have you been
here?” you exclaim.

“Forever and not at all,” she replies, “for this is
the part of the cave which leads neither to the past
nor to the future. Here, time does not exist, so, of
course, you will never be hungry or bored, and,
although you can never get out, you will be here
for no time at all.”

Turn to page 102.

=== Step 17: Page 102 ===
Page 102

You sit down and rest your chin in your hands,
unable to believe the fate that has befallen you. To
live forever in a timeless world seems worse than
death.

“Well, to tell the truth, there is a way to get back
to your own time,” the woman finally says, “but, if
you follow it, you will not be able to live forever.”

“1 don’t care,” you say. “Show me the way.”

“Very well,” she says, shaking her head in dis-
belief. ‘‘Dive under the rock ledge beneath me and
swim through the tunnel you will find there. You
will come up in your own time. Don’t worry, it’s
only a few yards. You can make it.”

You take a last look around, wave good-bye
and dive. A few seconds later you surface in a
pond just inside the entrance of the Cave of Time.
You swim to shore and run out through the cave
entrance into the open air, almost crashing into
your Uncle Howard, who has come looking for
you.

“You're late for dinner,” he says. “We won-
dered what happened to you. You ought to keep
better track of the time.”

The End

|
