# Extracted Text (Cleaned OCR)

Source: output/cot-pages-ocr-v2/*.txt
Total OCR Pages: 111

--- PAGE 002 START ---

You've hiked through Snake Canyon once be-
fore while visiting your Uncle Howard at Red
Creek Ranch, but you never noticed any cave
entrance. It looks as though a recent rock slide has
uncovered it.

Though the late afternoon sun is striking the
opening of the cave, the interior remains in total
darkness. You step inside a few feet, trying to get
an idea of how big it is. As your eyes become used
tothe dark, you see what looks like a tunnel ahead,
dimly lit by some kind of phosphorescent material
On its walls. The tunnel walls are smooth. as if they

--- PAGE 002 END ---

--- PAGE 003 START ---

were shaped by running water. After twenty feet or
so, the tunnel curves. You wonder where it leads.
You venture in a bit further, but you feel nervous
being alone in such a strange place. You turn and
hurry out.

A thunderstorm may be coming, judging by
how dark it looks outside. Suddenly you realize the
sun has long since set, and the landscape is lit only
by the pale light of the full moon. You must have
fallen asleep and woken up hours later. But then
you remember something even more strange. Just
last evening, the moon was only a slim crescent in
the sky.

You wonder how long you' ve been in the cave.
Youare not hungry. You don't feel you have been 4
sleeping. You wonder whether to try to walk back
home by moonlight or whether to wait for dawn,
rather than risk losing your footing on the steep
and rocky trail.

If you decide to start back home,
turn to page 4.

If you decide to wait,
turn to page 5.

--- PAGE 003 END ---

--- PAGE 004 START ---

As you start walking back toward the ranch, you
notice the trail seems very different than you re-
member it, though of course moonlight can play
tricks on your eyes. But you suddenly realize you
are not walking on the trail at all, but on what
seems to be a dried-up river bed. You hurry back
to the cave entrance. You look around you and
realize the whole landscape has changed. While
you were in the cave, torrents of water have
washed out the trail; yet there is not so much as a
puddle left. You shiver. Itis cold, much colder than
it should be at this time of year. You take a jacket
out of your backpack and putit on, but you are still
freezing.

Atleast the world about you seems brighter. It's
getting light in the east. The sun will soon be up.
You look at your watch. It has run down, though
you wound it only a few hours ago. Nothing seems
% make sense anymore.

You know you should get back to the ranch as
quickly as possible; yet somehow you feel the only
way to change things back to the way they were is
to re-enter the cave.

If you continue toward the ranch,
turn to page 8.

If you go back into the cave,
turn to page 10.

--- PAGE 004 END ---

--- PAGE 005 START ---

You wait until morning, but, as the rosy wisps of
dawn begin to light the eastern sky, a chill and
forbidding wind begins to blow.

If you seek shelter, turn to page 6.

If you brave the freezing wind to
see more of the coed abou you,
turn to page 16.

--- PAGE 005 END ---

--- PAGE 006 START ---

You step into a niche in the rocks to escape the
merciless blast of wind and lean back against the
rock wall. Suddenly it crumbles under your
weight, causing you to fall backward down a
muddy slope and into a pond.

The sun shines brightly down on youas you pick
yourself up, dripping wet, and wade to the grassy
shore. You look back at the rock, rising out of the
pond, but you can't see where you fell through.

While you are collecting your senses, a horse
comes prancing up, its rider dressed in tin
armor-a knight out of the history books-
enough to make you laugh. The horseman lifts off
his helmet and laughs himself.

"What a place for a bath!" he calls out. "Well, it
was worth it-you re cleaner than a pig!' He al-
most falls off his horse, he is laughing so hard. "But
climb on and I'll take you back to the castle,"' he
says. 'We'll see if we can't make a human out of
you yet."

If you accept the ride back to
the castle, tun to page 22.

If you decline the invitation and
try to find your way back into the
Cave of Time, turn to page 114.

--- PAGE 006 END ---

--- PAGE 008 START ---

As it gets lighter, you realize you can't be on the
right track. The canyon seems shallower than it
was. The river bed is strewn with boulders that
were never there before. The cold wind chills you
to the bone; yet it's the middle of summer. As you
climb to higher ground to get a better view, you
notice patches of snow. From the top of a ridge
you survey a barren plain, frozen lakes, and, in the }
distance, a massive range of snow-covered moun-
tains. You begin to realize you are not merely
lost-you are lost in time, and you have somehow
been transported to an Ice Age that occurred many
thousands of years ago.

--- PAGE 008 END ---

--- PAGE 009 START ---

You walk toward one of the cliffs that borders
the canyon, seeking shelter from the wind, and
notice an entrance to another cave. You are
tempted to go inside, but you feel you should keep
moving in hopes of somehow reaching familiar
country.

If you enter the cave,
turn to page 17.

If you continue on,
turn to page 18.

--- PAGE 009 END ---

--- PAGE 010 START ---

You walk into the interior of the strange cavern;
then wait while your eyes become accustomed to
the dim, amber light. Gradually you can make out

} the two tunnels. One curves downward to the
4 right; the other leads upward to the left.

| It occurs to you that the one leading down may
q go to the pastand the one leading up may go to the
4 future.

If you take the tunnel leading to the left,
turn to page 20.

If you take the tunnel leading to the right,
turn to page 61.

If you walk outside the cave again,
turn to page 21.

--- PAGE 010 END ---

--- PAGE 011 START ---

"Off to the tower,"' the King shouts. Two knights
leap forward, drag you out of the chamber, and,
with spears at your back, force you to climb forty-
eight stone steps to the tower prison-a tiny cylin-
drical room with one small window looking out
over the moat and pasture land beyond. The only
furniture is a bed of straw.

You realize you are back in the early days of
feudal Europe, where the only laws are the King's
whims. You have no idea how long he intends to
keep you in the tower. There is one possibility of
escape. The water in the moat, about twenty-five
feet almost directly below your window, is quite
deep. If youjump out far enough, you should land
in the deep water and not be hurt.

If you jump, turn to page 12.

If not, turn to page 13.

--- PAGE 011 END ---

--- PAGE 012 START ---

You jump far out and fall faster and faster. You
enter the water feet first and hit bottom, but the soft
mud receives you gently. In a few seconds you
reach the surface. You swim to the outer banks of
the moat, shaken but unharmed. You scramble up
the bank and run for the.cover of the forest.

You walk along the edge of the forest until well
out of sight of the castle, then head across the open
countryside. You stop a peasant to ask him where
you might stay for the night.

"Walk up that hill and you'll see before you the
waters of Loch Ness," he says. "You'll find a place
there."

You follow his directions and, seeing some little
houses near the lake, proceed toward them. Dark-
ness is setting in, and you are glad when you meet
a fisherman who says he will give you shelter for
the night. He and his wife are kindly people; they
invite you to stay and earn your keep by helping
them fish.

If you accept, turn to page 66.

If you decide to travel on,
turn to page 78.

--- PAGE 012 END ---

--- PAGE 013 START ---

You decide to wait, but soon regret it. A guard
visits you twice a day and brings you only black
bread and water. In a few days you feel almost too
weak to escape even if you have the chance.

But just as you are beginning to despair of ever
regaining your freedom, the guard walks in, smil-

ing.

"The King has ordered you out of here," he
says. '"'We have a much more important
prisoner-a man who insulted the King's horse."
He laughs in your face. You don't know whether
he is telling the truth or not, but he holds the door
and waves you out. You walk down the long flight
of stone steps to the main courtyard, free again-
at least for the moment. The drawbridge is down
and there seems to be nothing in the way of your
leaving the castle.

There is a splendid black horse tied up near you,
probably owned by one of the knights. It occurs to
you that you could cover a lot of ground on that
horse before anyone realizes what happened.

If you mount the horse and ride off,
turn to page 14.

If you ask the King for refuge,
turn to page 15.

--- PAGE 013 END ---

--- PAGE 014 START ---

In a moment you are across the bridge and
galloping over the countryside, feeling a good deal
smarter than the King and his knights. When you
pass some shepherds and wave, they wave back.

You stop to rest at the cottage of a friendly
goatherd, who feeds you a good dinner. ''Do not
fear the King," he says. "'He is a fool who sits and
drinks grog all day. His only concern is deciding
who to put in the tower. His own knights laugh at
him, and he is more likely to fall from his throne
than you from your horse. Be off now and on to
Merrie England, for great things await you there.
God speed and good fortune!'

Your energies are renewed by good food and
drink, and your horse too is ready to ride. You
thank your host warmly and ride off to new adven-
tures and a new life-almost a thousand years
before you are bom.

The End

--- PAGE 014 END ---

--- PAGE 015 START ---

You gain entrance to the King and thank him for
letting you out of the tower.

"Think nothing of it," the King replies. "We
would do as much for any villain. We like your
spirit and, though your story makes as much sense
as a dancing mule, it brought laughter to our eyes.
You have, without meaning it we are sure, per-
formed a service for your King. We thank you.

"We'll see that you have a horse and some
pieces of gold,"' the King continues. "'Go and
make your fortune. We command you though-
come once a year and tell us a story no less amus-
ing than what we have heard from your lips."

"My lord,"" you say.

"My excellent vassal," he replies.

You ride off, somewhat apprehensive, but in-
tent upon making as much of your life as is possible
in the year 982.

The End

--- PAGE 015 END ---

--- PAGE 016 START ---

You resolutely trudge along a rocky ridge. It has
been cleared of whirling snow by the fierce wind,
which bites and blows against your body.

The world seems transformed, and much for the
worse. You must find a house or a cabin-people
who can help you-or you will die.

As you ponder your fate, you stumble and fall,
plunging into a deep crevasse. You black out and
later awaken, still shivering, but in a warmer place
at least. By the dim amber light, you can see that
somehow you have fallen back into one of the
chambers in the Cave of Time. A passageway
leads to the right, another to the left. Does one lead
to the future and one to the past?

If you enter the left-hand passageway,
turn to page 24.

If you enter the right-hand passageway,
turn to page 25.

--- PAGE 016 END ---

--- PAGE 017 START ---

As you enter the cave, you see a flickering light
ahead and you smell smoke. You make your way
; along a winding passageway and enter a large
chamber. Fires rise out of earthen vessels.

Several short, stocky people with straight black
hair and primitive faces are painting pictures on the
/ walls of the cave. They are dressed in animal skins.
: In a comer of the cave are beds of straw.

You stand, slightly afraid, as the cave people
drop their work and run over and stare at you in
disbelief. The largest man is carrying a long vine.
He steps forward as though he might seize you and

. tie you up.

If you stay and try to make friends,
turn to page 26.

: If you try to run for it,
turn to page 28.

--- PAGE 017 END ---

--- PAGE 018 START ---

You continue on, following a trail leading up a
steep incline. You hear loud, trumpeting sounds
from a nearby ravine-the sounds of a large ani-
mal.You climb over some rocks and find yourself

--- PAGE 018 END ---

--- PAGE 019 START ---

looking down on one of the largest land mammals
that ever lived-the wooly mammoth. Huge as
this creature is, its size is exaggerated even more by
its thick coat of wool.

You are cold, desperate, and tired. From your
rock ledge, only a few feet over the mammoth, you
could drop down on its back, burrow into its warm
wool, and ride where it takes you!

If you jump down on
} the wooly mammoth,
turn to page 29.

If you continue on foot,
turn to page 30.

--- PAGE 019 END ---

--- PAGE 020 START ---

The tunnel to the left winds around like a spiral,
passing several more tunnels. You turn down one
of them, then climb steeply. In a few moments you
climb through a hole and emerge in a desert. The
weather is extremely hot-certainly over 100 de-
grees, but the sun is just about to set, so it should

| a be getting cooler. In the distance is a range of
y | mountains. which look extremely high, yet are
4 bare of snow. You have no idea whether youare in
i the past, the future, or the present. Then you see

something that fascinates and disturbs you. The

sand seems to be fused into yellowish glass as if
| heated in a furnace. As you examine the sand
| more closely, you feel the air getting even hotter.
| Suddenly you realize the sun is not setting, but
rising! The noontime temperature must be more
i than life can stand. As the sun rises higher, you feel
| a blistering wave of heat. The light is almost blind-
ing. Could it be that you are witnessing the end of
the world?

Turn to page 93.

--- PAGE 020 END ---

--- PAGE 021 START ---

; You turn and walk back out of the cave. It
| should be dawn by now, but, as you grope your
way toward the entrance, you can't see any light
: coming into the cave. You press against the walls,
feeling for an opening. Your hands pass across
something cold, wet, and hard. Ice! The entrance
is sealed by it. Blocks of ice protrude into the cave.
You step back, feeling confused and helpless.
You wish it were just a dream. You retrace your
steps a way, trying to think clearly. You know that
your only chance to get out of the cave is to follow
one of the two branches before you.

If you follow the right branch,
turn to page 33.

If you follow the left branch,
turn to page 35.

--- PAGE 021 END ---

--- PAGE 022 START ---

, 22

The laughing knight helps you up on his horse
and you sit uncomfortably as it canters over the
countryside. After traveling a mile or so, you come
to a great, stone castle. The horse trots across the
drawbridge and into the stable.
"Jump," the knight calls to you, and you slide
7 off the rear of the horse. The knight escorts you
! into the grand chamber of the castle. All about you
4 are stewards, attendants, and knights. A few min-
i utes later you find yourself bowing before the King
if himself.
| After hearing your story, the King looks gravely
| H at his advisors and knights and stewards. "Does
| anyone believe this tale?" he asks.
| Everyone cries back, "No, Your Majesty," or
' "Certainly not, Your Majesty."
| "Then tell us the truth!" the King roars at you.

--- PAGE 022 END ---

--- PAGE 023 START ---

If you insist you are telling
the truth, turn to page 36.

If you try to make up a plausible
story, turn to page 37.

--- PAGE 023 END ---

--- PAGE 024 START ---

You follow the left passageway. It leads upward
to the surface. Before you, a grassy meadow
slopes down to a clear, fast-flowing stream; be-
yond it are pine-covered foothills stretching in the
distance toward snow-covered peaks. You might
be in Wyoming in your own time, but, whatever

: time it is, the world you see appears to be a hospi-
i table one.
i You notice a herd of buffalo grazing. But
i nowhere can you see a house, or fence, or road, or
| any sign of human presence. It is possible you are
living hundreds, perhaps thousands, of years ago.
| You gaze upward. One of the puffy, white
| cumulus clouds is moving in a strange fashion. It is
| descending! A spaceship is landing right before
your eyes, only a few hundred yards away!

If you hide from view,
turn to page 38.

Tf you go up to the spaceship,
turn to page 40.

--- PAGE 024 END ---

--- PAGE 025 START ---

You walk along the right-hand passageway fora
long distance, praying that you can find a tunnel
: that will lead to your own time. You choose one of
the many tunnels you see and follow it. Instead of
rising to the surface, you enter a brightly-lighted
: chamber, in the center of which is a bearded, old
man seated in a chair.
"Welcome," he says, as if he has been expect-
ing you.
: "Thank you," you reply. ''Can you help me find
my way back to my own time?"
The old man smiles. 'First of all," he says, "'teil
me why you want to return to your own time
instead of another time."

) Tf you say, "Because I want
to be back with my family and
friends," turn to page 43.

If you say, "Because I don't want
to take a chance of being
in a bad time," turn to page 41.

If you say, "I would like to try

another time, but only if you can

assure me that I will eventually get back to
my own time," turn to page 44.

If you say, "Who are you?"
turn to page 45.

--- PAGE 025 END ---

--- PAGE 026 START ---

You make friendly gestures. The man holding
the vine steps back and smiles. The people talk to
you in a friendly fashion, but you cannot under-
stand what they are saying, nor can they under-
stand you. You feel awkward, but happy to be safe
and warm for the moment.

Several people have gone back to working on
their paintings. You decide to try communicating
through drawing. You begin to draw a picture of
yourself eating. The cave people laugh, but one of
them brings you a slice of half-cooked meat. It

--- PAGE 026 END ---

--- PAGE 027 START ---

don't mind. -

Gradually you make friends and learn a few
words. Some of the people go hunting and come
back with game. Others make clothing from ani-
mal skins. You help with cleaning and cooking and
each day paint a picture on the walls. The others «
are fascinated by your drawings of airplanes, st
and cars-things they see only as abstract designs,
for they have no way of knowing what function
they could serve.

One day a group of other people visit. You have
never seen them before, but your friends welcome
them warmly, holding a great feast in their honor.
After everyone is through eating, the conversation
intensifies. You can tell that the cave people are
talking about a serious problem. Then, one by
one, they drift off to sleep. You walk outside to see
if you can learn anything. The ground is covered
with deep snow. A bitter cold wind blows the snow
in whirling clouds.

Next moming, the people pack up their belong-
ings and they urge you to do so also. Some migra-
tion is obviously intended-no doubt to a warmer
climate. You feel you should go with the cave
people, but you have a great longing to return to
your own home, and your only hope of doing so is -
to find your way back to the Cave of Time.

If you go with the cave people,
turn to page 46.

Tf you try to find your way back to
the Cave of Time, turn to page 47.

--- PAGE 027 END ---

--- PAGE 028 START ---

You can see no future for yourself with these
primitive peopie, so you run back toward the Cave
of Time. Fortunately, they do not follow you, and
you are able to find your way.

By the time you re-enter the cave, you are hun-
gry and exhausted. The light is dimmer than be-
fore and you grope your way along, looking for a
: passageway. You stumble and fall headfirst down
4 an embankment, bumping your head dis-
{ agreeably. You look up and see daylight ahead. A
minute later, you walk out of the cave into warm,
moist air near a forest of leafy trees. A bird flies by.
You don't know when it is, but it looks pleasant
enough.

Turn to page 51.

--- PAGE 028 END ---

--- PAGE 029 START ---

As you land, the mammoth shudders like a
horse shaking off flies. It begins lumbering along
up the valley, apparently unaware you are siill
clinging to its wooly back, keeping warm and en-
joying the ride.

The mammoth reaches high ground, nibbles at
some bark, and then walks on. Perhaps it will carry
you near some cave men who will give you food
and shelter.

Suddenly the mammoth stops and turns its
head-listening for something. You look up and
see human figures approaching from two sides.
They are carrying spears and clubs. The mam-
moth begins to run. You hold on tight. The hunters
follow-screaming and yelling. You can't see
where the mammoth is heading, but you're afraid
the hunters may drive it off a cliff. Yet, if youjump
off while it's running, you could be badly hurt.

If you jump to the ground,
turn to page 52.

If you hang on, turn to page 53.

--- PAGE 029 END ---

--- PAGE 030 START ---

Riding on a mammoth might be fun if you were
not cold and hungry and lost, but where would it
take you? You continue walking, your spirits sink-
ing. Just as you feel ready to sit down and cry, you
see an opening in the ground. You crawl in on
your hands and knees. It might provide some
warmth, and it might lead to the Cave of Time.

You find yourself in a tunnel. There are other
tunnels branching off. You feel sure now you are in
the Cave of Time. You are eager to take the next
tunnel to the surface, but you want to travel a long
way forward in time. Maybe you should take a
tunnel further on.

If you take the first tunnel
that you can, turn to page 54.

If you take a tunnel further on,
turn to page 92.

--- PAGE 030 END ---

--- PAGE 031 START ---

You take the first tunnel and follow it on and on
until you begin to wonder whether you are going
around in circles. What can this mean? Perhaps
time itself is slowing. You are nearing the point of
exhaustion, and begin to feel very cold. Yousee an
opening up ahead and stars shining. You step
outside on barren ground. It is bitter cold. Even
though there is no wind, you know you will freeze
if you stay more than a few minutes-maybe not
that long, for the air seems very thin, as if you were
on top of a very high mountain. You find yourself
gasping for breath. You look up at the clear, cold

} night sky studded with thousands of stars. Among
the stars, you notice a disk the size of the sun that
gives off a dim red light like a dying ember.

The End

--- PAGE 031 END ---

--- PAGE 032 START ---

1g? 1

After following the passageway for a consider-
able distance, you enter a very large tunnel that
seems as likely as any to lead you back to your own
time. You continue along and soon notice that the
floor of the tunnel is becoming sandier. Perhaps
you are coming to a beach. Then the sand gives
way under your feet; you slide through sand and
rising dust. You cannot stop yourself-it is too

4 steep; then there is nothing under your feet, anda

} moment later you land in deep water. You swim to
the surface and catch your breath. You are in an
underwater grotto, which seems completely
sealed off except for a portion of its roof that is
open to the blue sky. You swim to a large, smooth
rock sloping into the water.

The sand is white, and the water transparent.
The rocks are made of crystalline material of the

fh most delicate shades of blue. For a moment you

+ are overwhelmed by the beauty of the scene be-

4 fore you, but you soon begin to wonder whether
youcan escape from it. There is no way of climbing
out through the opening in the roof.

You dive down in hopes of finding an underwa-
ter passageway that might lead to freedom, and
you find one! But could you swim through it before
running out of air?

' If you try to swim through
the undenwater tunnel,
turn to page 58.

If you decide to wait,
turn to page 64.

--- PAGE 032 END ---

--- PAGE 033 START ---

You make your way along in the dim light.
Ahead of you is a ladder. You take hold of it and
begin to climb. Suddenly you hear a terrible grind-
ing, crunching noise. The ladder shudders. You
hold on tight for a few minutes after the noise
subsides. Then you continue up the ladder and a
moment later pull yourself out into the crisp, cold
night air. Lights are glowing all around you. In
front of you is a large slab of ice. You feel a strange
motion as if the ground is moving. When you
touch the ground with your hand, you feel wood.
Not far from you is a railing. Beyond it-the sea!
Above you are stars more numerous and brilliant
than you have seen before. You realize you are on
the deck of a very large ship.

Not far from you, hanging on a hook, is an
enormous life preserver. Stenciled on it in-black
letters is the word TITANIC. You know there was
only one ship that ever bore that name, that it
made only one voyage, that it struck a huge
iceberg, and that three hours later it was resting on
the bottom of the Atlantic.

As you walk along the deck of the Titanic, you
realize that below the water line thousands of gal-
lons of water per minute are pouring into the for-
ward compartments. The people don't seem to

Go on to the next page.

--- PAGE 033 END ---

--- PAGE 034 START ---

realize what's happening. The sea is as calm as
glass. The band on the deck below youis playinga
waltz. Several men in long black coats and women
in fur jackets are walking close by.
; "Goodness," one woman says, "I can't under-
stand why the captain has stopped the ship. If we
are late docking in New York, I'm going to lodge a
complaint with the owners."

If you try to find the captain and
wam him that the ship will sink,
turn to page 68.

If you go back down the ladder
and try to return to the cave,
| turn to page 79.

--- PAGE 034 END ---

--- PAGE 035 START ---

You walk along the left-hand passageway, pass-
ing tunnels from time to time, none of which looks
like a particularly appealing route. You decide to
see if you can reach the end of the passageway.

You walk on and on, hour after hour. Then, in
the distance, you see a figure approaching-a girl
wearing blue jeans and a red sweater and carrying
a backpack. She tells you that her name is Louisa
and that she was exploring a cave and got lost. She
does not know she is in the Cave of Time.

If you try to help Louisa find the way
back to where she entered the cave,
= turn to page 76.

If you suggest she try one of
the tunnels with you as a way out,
turn to page 80.

--- PAGE 035 END ---

--- PAGE 036 START ---

"I know it sounds strange, Your Majesty," you
say, "but I have no reason to incur your wrath by
making up a false story."

The King looks around at his courtiers. They all
have grave expressions on their faces, as if you
have committed some unpardonable sin.

Turn to page 11.

--- PAGE 036 END ---

--- PAGE 037 START ---

: ater

"Tm sorry to have intruded upon your royal
domain, Your Majesty." you say humbly, trying to
think up a good story as fast as you can. "'It is true,
sire, I have been badly mistreated by my wicked
stepfather, with whom I live, and I place myself
under your wise and just protection."

"Who is this wicked stepfather and where does
he live?"' the King asks. "If he is wicked enough,
we may want him to be one of our knights," he
adds, laughing, as do all the courtiers.

"He lives beyond that hill,"" you say, pointing
toward a high wooded ridge, '"'and his name is
Smith."

The King laughs once again. ""Then your step-
father must be a fish," he says, "for beyond yon-
der hill is Loch Ness."

Turn to page 11.

--- PAGE 037 END ---

--- PAGE 038 START ---

You feel you must be far in the future. Are you :
really looking at an alien spaceship? If so, you
would rather watch from a safe distance. You
climb rapidly up the hill-wondering how you got
to this strange time.

Ahead of you is a niche in the rocks. You step
inside. You realize you are in the bottom of the
crevasse you fell into from the Ice Age. Even if you
wanted to get back to that time, there is no way

: you could do so. You keep walking. Eventually
| your approach open ground on the opposite side
of the hill.

Now you can see a vast stretch of open
country-hilly, rocky, and mostly barren. Yet
thousands of people are constructing a huge wall!
All over the landscape you see oxen pulling carts
filled with rocks. The wallis at least twenty feet high
and extends as far as the eye can see.

Ladders are strung up against the wall, and on
every rung a man or woman is stationed. They
hand rocks up one to another to the top of the wall.

--- PAGE 038 END ---

--- PAGE 039 START ---

You find this sight hardly less amazing than the
sight of the alien spaceship, for it appears that you
are witnessing the building of the Great Wall of
China.

If you go up to the wall builders,
turn to page 82.

If you return to the crevasse,
turn to page 87.

--- PAGE 039 END ---

--- PAGE 040 START ---

You cautiously approach the spaceship and, to
your amazement, see that it is resting a foot or so
above the ground, without any visible mechanism
keeping it aloft. There are no engines, rocket
exhausts, port holes, landing gear, antennae, or
any equipment you might imagine a spaceship
would need. You realize it must be the product ofa
supremely advanced civilization.

Trusting that such people have leamed to be
loving toward others, you approach the ship. A
portal slides open, but all you can see within is
shimmering blue light. A large cube is thrust out
through the portal and lowered to the ground by
mechanical arms. The top of the cube is with-
drawn, leaving a pallet on which lie the sleeping
forms of three men and three women, dressed in
shrouds of animal skin. Their bodies and features
remind you of pictures you have seen depicting
the earliest men on earth. You have an impulse to
up aboard the spaceship before the portal
closes.

If you do, turn to page 115.

If not, turn to page 83.

--- PAGE 040 END ---

--- PAGE 041 START ---

"T can understand," the old man replies, "why
you don't want to take a chance with another time,
for other times are perilous and filled with evil
people and evil deeds.

"You are wise to avoid them, and I will gladly
direct you back to your own time, which, you
should know, is no better and no worse."

The End

--- PAGE 041 END ---

--- PAGE 043 START ---

"And why do you want to be back with your
family and friends?" the old man asks.

"Because I will miss them and could hardly bear
not to see them again. And my family and friends
would be sad not to see me."

"You think of others, and you think of yourself
too," he replies. "'That is a good reason to be in
your own time. Take the next tunnel to your right,
and you will find your way there. You have chosen
to have only one time, have you not?"

"That is true," you reply.

"Then make the most of it," he says, with one
hand outstretched to wish you well.

The End

--- PAGE 043 END ---

--- PAGE 044 START ---

"Ah, you are a shrewd one," the old man says.
"You'll try to get two loaves of bread, rather than
Settle for one. Well, I'll show you one other time,
and, if you don't like it, just say so, and I'll return
you to your own time, if there is time to do so. Take
the tunnel to your left."

You follow his direction, walk through the tun-
nel, and come out onto a tity street. Instantly you
realize there is a war going on. Bombs and rockets
are exploding all around you. You cry out to the
old man, asking to be returned to the Cave of
Time, but there is no time left.

The End

--- PAGE 044 END ---

--- PAGE 045 START ---

A 45

"Tam a philosopher," the old man says, "who,
when asked to choose a time, instead chose
timelessness, so that, although nothing would ever ;
happen in my life, I would have all the time in the :
world to think about it."

"Are you happy with your decision?"

"No, because philosophy is nothing outside of
time. Take the tunnel to your right. Return to your
own time, and let your life be your philosophy."

The End

--- PAGE 045 END ---

--- PAGE 046 START ---

Dressed as warmly as possible in your crude
boots and coat of animal skins, you leave shortly
after sunup with the others, a ragged band of thirty
men, women, and children. Luckily there are no
babies; they could never survive the migration.
The sun shows briefly through the clouds, the wind
abates, and you make good progress on your
southward journey.

After only a few days of travel, everyone is
nearing exhaustion. The hunters have not been
able to find enough game. There is no way to light
a fire at night and the only way to keep from
freezing is to sleep huddled together.

After a week though, you notice the sun shines
more warmly at midday and the snow is not quite
so deep. It begins to look as though you will sur-
vive, though you must give up hope of ever retum-
ing to your own time.

The End

--- PAGE 046 END ---

--- PAGE 047 START ---

You pack up your few belongings. The one you
prize most is a knife carved from the tusk of a
wooly mammoth. You wave goodbye to your
friends and trudge through the snow, trying to
retrace your steps back to the Cave of Time.
Though the wind is colder than ever, the bright sun
stirs your hopes.

You have become much more rugged from liv-
ing with the cave people, and your crude animal-
skin clothes keep you surprisingly warm. You find
your way down into the canyon and in a few hours

--- PAGE 047 END ---

--- PAGE 048 START ---

reach the entrance to the cave, now almost cov-
ered with blowing snow.

You are exhausted from the long trek, and your
eyes are watering from the cold wind. You hardly
notice the large, gray shape only a few yards from
the entrance to the cave until you hear the deep,
guttural growl of a wolf. Now you stare directly into
its cold, cruel eyes. You feel that at your slightest
movement it will spring at you. You must think
what to do before you move. You probably could
outrun the wolf to the cave. It might hesitate before
following you-and give you enough time to
escape-or you could try to knife the wolf in the
throat as it leaps at you.

If you run for the cave,
turn to page 49.

If you prepare to fight,
turn to page 50.

--- PAGE 048 END ---

--- PAGE 049 START ---

Slowly you unsheath your knife and then run for i
the entrance. The wolf is after you like a shot. It ,
leaps and tears your bearskin coat. While the wolf H
is regaining its balance, you run into the cave and
toward the left tunnel. The wolf runs after you.
You look over your shoulder and lose your foot-
ing. Instead of falling on the ground, you feel H
yourself sliding down a long, steep chute. Far
above, the wolf howls with frustration. You land in
a heap at the bottom of a pit-shaken but un-
harmed. There is a dark passageway to the left.
You toss in a stone and, after what seems like a long
time, you hear a splash far below. Fortunately, :
there is another passageway to the right, which is
dimly lit by phosphorescent light.

Turn to page 25.

--- PAGE 049 END ---

--- PAGE 050 START ---

fF 50

Holding your knife with its long ivory blade
pointing upward, you advance very slowly, step by
step, toward the wolf, which stands growling softly,
apparently confused by your boldness.

Then it springs. You lunge with your knife, twist-
ing your body to avoid its awesome fangs. Your
knife cuts through nothing but air, but the wolf
succeeds only in tearing off your bearskin coat. It
stops for an instantto sniff at the coat, and you tum
and plunge your knife into its neck. The wolf twists,
looks at you with hate in its eyes, and falls limp, its
spinal cord severed.

Now you are a true Stone Age hunter. You skin
the wolf and walk into the cave.

You follow the right-hand tunnel, thinking you
may find your way back to your own time, but
suddenly you feel yourself falling-faster and fast-
er into what seems a bottomless pit.

Turn to page 81.

--- PAGE 050 END ---

--- PAGE 051 START ---

Suddenly you hear voices shouting. You hide in
athicket. An animal crashes through the brush. In
a moment some men rush by in pursuit, carrying
spears and slings. You imagine that you must be in
an era long before the advent of civilization. You
follow an animal trail; it soon leads to a clearing,
and you lie down in the grass to rest. Looking up in
the sky, you see a long, thin, white streak. You rub
your eyes and look again. It seems to be a vapor
trail from a jet plane! You may be living in the
present time after all.

After several days of wandering through the
jungle, you reach a settlement on the banks of a
large river. There is an airfield nearby, and within a '
few weeks you are able to obtain a ride back to

civilization and return to your family-just a month t
after you first entered the Cave of Time. You are \
happy to be back home, but shocked at how much '
older everyone looks. And they express the

greatest surprise that after eleven years you }

haven't changed a bit!
The End

--- PAGE 051 END ---

--- PAGE 052 START ---

You work your way back to the mammoth's
rump and slide down, landing hard on the icy
ground, where you lie aching and bruised, while
the mammoth lumbers on. Suddenly it disap-
pears, driven off the cliff. The hunters are shouting
and cheering. Some of them come up to you.
They are short and muscular, their jaws jut out,
and they have bright squinting eyes. Their black
hair hangs down to their shoulders. They are
dressed in animal skins

You look up helplessly, wondering what they
will do to you, but in an instant you can see they
will not hurt you. They help you up and carry you
back to their cave and feed you steaming broth. It
tastes awful, but makes you feel much better. You
soon learn that the cave people will accept you as
one of them, because you have-without realizing
it-performed the sacred rite of their culture by
riding bravely on the back of a mammoth.

Life is harsh and simple with the cave people,

i and sometimes you long for your family, your
friends, and your own time again; yet your new life
is as exciting and happy as you could wish for.

The End

--- PAGE 052 END ---

--- PAGE 053 START ---

] 53

You hold tightly to tufts of wool, hoping the
mammoth will slow down enough so you can :
safely slide off. But suddenly it pitches forward,
making a terrible bellowing. In an instant you
realize you are falling through space. You cry out
helplessly as you lose your grip, falling faster and
'aster.

Thousands of years later when Dr. Carleton
Frisbee, the famous paleontologist, finds your
bones next to those of a wooly mammoth in the
Red Creek excavation, he is amazed at how
closely you resemble a twentieth-century human
being.

The End

--- PAGE 053 END ---

--- PAGE 054 START ---

You enter the next tunnel you come to. It be-
comes smaller and smaller until you must crawl.
You continue this way for almost an hour. Finally,
your faith is justified, for you smell a fresh breeze
blowing across a field of new-mown hay.

Amomentlater you are blinking your eyes in the
bright sunlight, looking at a beautiful meadow nes-
tled between gentle hills. A dozen or more cows
are grazing near a meandering stream. In the dis-
tance isa dirt road. A farmer is sitting on a cart filled
with hay. A dapple-gray horse is pulling the cart
toward a big red barn in the distance. From the
other direction you hear the mournful hooting of a
train whistle.

You tum around and see that you are only a few
hundred feet from the railroad tracks. A train is
chugging around the bend, puffs of black smoke
tising from its coal-fired steam engine. You are out

of the Ice Age, all right, but not exactly in your own
time.

Go on to the next page.

--- PAGE 054 END ---

--- PAGE 055 START ---

The train slows down as it approaches you, and
you smile as you see the reason why-a cow is
standing on the tracks just ahead, looking as if it
would not move for anything. The train pulls to a
stop, and a manjumps down from the cab, waving
a coal shovel at the cow, which waits almost until
the man is upon her before strolling back into the
pasture. At that moment you realize you could
easily climb onto the back of the train.

i

»

= a= nds = See :
If you climb on the train, N

turn to page 94. i

If you go to the farm, L

turn to page 98. {

If you go back into the tunnel
in hopes of finding your way back to
your own time, turn to page 101.

--- PAGE 055 END ---

--- PAGE 056 START ---

| 56

Through computer instruction you are able to
learn the language, which you find is similar to
English, so you are soon able to communicate with
your hosts.

They are not at all surprised to hear that you
arrived through the Cave of Time.

"You are not the first,"' the head of the house-
hold tells you, "'but we have visitors from other
times only once in a great while. When someone
comes, we are always glad to leam about life in
another era, because here we have achieved a sort
of paradise-we do not work, and the world is at
peace. It is a perfect society. That is why primitive
epochs, such as yours, interest us so much."

If you stay in "the perfect society,"
turn to page 57.

If you try to return to the Cave of Time,
turn to page 60.

--- PAGE 056 END ---

--- PAGE 057 START ---

Your hosts give you a fine bedroom with large !
windows overlooking the park on one side. On I
another wall is a beautiful painting of the California f
seacoast. When you push a button, the painting |
folds up to the ceiling, revealing a large screen.
Your room contains a computer terminal that en-
ables you to select any movie or other program
you desire from over 10,000 possibilities. There
are even films where you are the main character
and you can make choices as to what will happen
nextin the story. Then, if you don' tlike the way the
plot is working out, you can go back to an earlier
point and make different choices from then on.

On your terminal you can also play games and s
flash pages of books or magazines on the screen.
You can live quite well without even getting out of
bed. 5

Eventually you go exploring. You meet other '
people, but you find none of them very interesting,
so you spend most of your time watching the iN
greatest movies of all time. Gradually you settle
into your new life. One thing disturbs you. No one N

has made any new movies in the last 300 years.

The End

--- PAGE 057 END ---

--- PAGE 058 START ---

You take a deep breath, dive down, and swim
through the tunnel. There is light ahead. In a mo-
ment you surface in a beautiful lagoon. Thatched
cottages are nestled among the palm trees that rim
the white sand beach. A warm, soft breeze brings
the scent of jasmine and the sound of strange
melodies from sonorous drums. Looking out to
the inlet from the sea, you can see a fleet of outrig-
ger skiffs with multi-colored sails running into the
lagoons before the wind, their owners leaning
against the booms to hold the sails out.

You walk toward the village. Several hand-
some, brown-skinned people see you. Some of
them run away, but others walk toward you with
hands held up in salute. Two children, holding
garlands of flowers, run up to you. Someone
calls-''Aloha!"'

Soon you are sitting in front of a huge beach fire,
cooking crabs and eating buana cake. Having
never had a visitor before, your hosts are happy to
see you. They welcome you into their society.
Gradually you learn their language. The boys tell
you they are your brothers; the girls that they are
your sisters.

You enjoy life in this new paradise, but you still
wonder whether there might be a way to get back

--- PAGE 058 END ---

--- PAGE 059 START ---

to the Cave of Time. Your new friends are unable
to help. Perhaps if you journeyed inland you could
find some who could. Your friends warn you
against trying, however. They tell you that you will
find only terrible jungles and rivers filled with
crocodiles.

If you remain with your new friends,
turn to page 62.

If you joumey inland, turn to page 63.

--- PAGE 059 END ---

--- PAGE 060 START ---

There is something deadening about the perfect
future society that makes you want to return to
your own time as quickly as possible. With a brief
word of farewell, you hurry back to the tunnel,
climb down, and find a fork to the right that you
hope will take you toward the right time. Soon you
are climbing up toward the surface, excited about
the discovery you are about to make.

When you reach the surface, it is completely
dark. A chill wind is blowing. You sit resolutely
waiting for dawn so that you can see what kind of a

world you are in. Meanwhile, there is no way of
telling what time itis, either by your watch or by the
stars.

You hear loud, clicking sounds all around you,

mostly in the distance, but some quite close. As the
orange-pink glow of oncoming dawn lightens the

| eastern sky, you see nearby the shape of a creature
that is the size of a sheep but has a very different
appearance.

The End

--- PAGE 060 END ---

--- PAGE 061 START ---

You follow the tunnel downward a short dis-
tance, suddenly you are sliding. Your head strikes
something and you are knocked unconscious.

When you wake up, you find yourself by a small
lake, bordered by woods. A boy about twelve
years old is fishing nearby, but there is no one else
in sight. You go up and introduce yourself, hoping
you can find out what year it is without sounding
crazy.

Fortunately, the boy is friendly and good na-
tured. He tells you his name is Nick Tyler and that
he lives on Birch Street. He works in his father's
business making candles and soap-the best in the
Colonies, he says.

If you tell him you come from
a future time, turn to page 104. 2

If you try to make up a
believable story, turn to page 106.

--- PAGE 061 END ---

--- PAGE 062 START ---

Your friends are understanding about your wish
to find the way back to your own time, but they tell
you they can show you something you never
dreamed of. Since their society is very primitive,
you wonder what they could have in mind.

Next day they lead you to another cove where
the waves roll in, rise up against the cliff and then
roll out again. Sometimes the waves clap against
each other and senda foamy spray of water high in
the air. You see some young people on tiny
rafts-nothing more than surfboards-riding in on
the crests of the waves and then riding them out on
the rebound. In a few hours you have learned a
sport that brings excitement and fascination for
hour after hour.

With such delights as this, it is not long before
you lose interest in returning to your own time.
Sometimes you wonder, but you never learn,
whether this paradise lies in the future or the past.

The End

--- PAGE 062 END ---

--- PAGE 063 START ---

You hug your friends good-bye and climb the
ridge bordering the jungle. You soon find an ani- ]
mal trail leading through the dense undergrowth
into a tropical rain forest. The green canopy of
treetops is far overhead and only an occasional
dapple of sunlight reaches the spongy, dark
ground. You walk on and on, hoping to reach the
mountains, where you might find another en-
trance to the Cave of Time.

Night falls and you make yourself a crude bed.
Your mattress is the mossy floor of the forest. You
spread out fem leaves for a sheet. Early the next
moming, as the birds are beginning their moming
songs, you are awakened by the boa constrictor~
wrapped around your neck.

The End

--- PAGE 063 END ---

--- PAGE 064 START ---

Swimming through the underwater tunnel may
be the only way to get out of the grotto, but the risk
of drowning seems too great. You explore the
rocks in the grotto and think about how you might
possibly get up through the roof.

Suddenly a voice calls, "Hello." You whirl
around and notice for the first time, huddled in the
comer, a woman with sparkling blue eyes and a
mysterious smile. She is sitting crosslegged,
propped against a rock which is shaped in a way
that gives her a comfortable seat. In her hands she
is holding a flute, and as you stare in amazement
she plays an unfamiliar melody with a sweetness
and purity of tone such as you have never heard.

"Hello," you reply. ""Tell me-who are you and
how can we get out of here?"

"Sit down," she says, "'and relax. You have all
the time in the world."

"What do you mean?" you reply. "I am
trapped. I slid down from the Cave of Time and I
want to get out."

"Believe me,'' the woman says, ''there's no way

--- PAGE 064 END ---

--- PAGE 065 START ---

to get out; but do not be concerned. It is a beautiful
place and you can be very happy here."

"But we'll starve. How long have you been
here?" you exclaim.

"Forever and not at all," she replies, "for this is
the part of the cave which leads neither to the past
nor to the future. Here, time does not exist, so, of
course, you will never be hungry or bored, and,
although you can never get out, you will be here
for no time at all."

Turn to page 102.

--- PAGE 065 END ---

--- PAGE 066 START ---

66 i

Youaccept the offer, for you can hardly expecta i
better life at this point, and soon you begin to enjoy 4
rowing out in the early morning mists and spread- t
ing your nets with the neighboring fishermen. }

One afternoon, as the people are pulling up j
their boats for the night, your friend, Angus i
McPhee, raises a cry and points at the water. You i
look out and see the great head and neck of a sea i
monster-a huge dragon of the lake. Nearby, ;
splinters of wood are floating in the water.

"That was Sutherland's boat," Angus cries out. i
"'If's been a hundred years since the monster has j
been seen, but now it has returned!" |

The monster swims away and soon is lost from
view in the mists. ; |

"How could the monster be gone for a hundred
years and then return?" you ask Angus. i

"Somewhere near Beatty's Point," he replies,
"there is an underwater cave where the monster {
stays as long as it pleases-because it is a Cave of '
Time." i

Ifonly you could find your way back to the Cave
of Time! But chances seem slim, and the risks
seem great.

If you try, turn to page 70. |

If you do not try, turn to page 74.

--- PAGE 066 END ---

--- PAGE 068 START ---

Could you change history and save hundreds of
lives by warning the captain that the "unsinkable"'
Titanic is destined for the bottom of the Atlantic?
You see some stairs leading to a higher deck, and
you run up them.

A steward is standing near the top. "You can't
come up here," he cries. But you dart past him and
run toward the forward part of the ship. You dash
up another set of stairs, where you find yourself at
the starboard wing of the bridge. The gray-
bearded captain is standing only a few feet away,
looking out to sea through his binoculars at a ship
on the horizon.

"Captain," you call out. "You may not realize it,
but this ship will sink in only two or three hours."

He turns and looks at you gravely. "I know," he
says softly. "But we are going to fire distress rock-
ets. That ship out there-the Califomian-should
respond to help us."

"They will not respond, Captain," you tell him.
"They can't believe the Titanic could be in trouble,
even though they see your rockets. Your only
hope is to put your strongest men in a lifeboat and
have them row toward the Califomian at top
speed-firing rockets as they approach."

"Great heavens, you have bold ideas," the cap-
tain replies, ''but I need every man I have to lower
our lifeboats and keep order among the passen-
gers. I can't believe the Californian will not come
when they see our rockets.

--- PAGE 068 END ---

--- PAGE 069 START ---

"Now go to the deck below. Mr. Lightoller will
see that you have a place in a lifeboat."

With that the captain turns and strides away,
giving orders to an officer nearby. You sadly retum
down the stairs and wait in line for one of the
places in a lifeboat.

Two hours later, you sit huddled in the crowded
boat, shivering in the cold breeze, and watch the
great Titanic slip beneath the waves-with 1,500
people still aboard-together with your only hope
of finding your way back to the Cave of Time.

The End

--- PAGE 069 END ---

--- PAGE 070 START ---

One day when the sun is bright and the water as
warm as it's likely to get, you take an old skiff and
row to Beatty's Point. You pull your boat upon the
rocky shoal that marks the cave. You dive again
and again along the rock wall that drops into the
depths until you find the entrance. You swim a few
feet inside and find you can get up to the surface
inside an enormous cavern, most of it filled by an
underground lake.

You reach the shore and walk along the
lakeside, deeper and deeper into the cavern,
which is lit by a mysterious blue light. Then, ahead,
you see what you had hoped to find-a tunnel that
surely must lead to the Cave of Time. Nearby in
the sand are three eggs as large as footballs. You
pick one up and carry it into the tunnel. After
walking awhile, the air becomes hard to breathe.

You begin to feel dizzy and fall unconscious to the
ground, still clutching the enormous egg.

Go on to the next page.

--- PAGE 070 END ---

--- PAGE 071 START ---

You are awakened by a fresh breeze blowing
toward you. You dizzily get to your feet, pick up
the egg, and hurry toward the fresh air-outdoors
again in Snake Canyon! Everything is as you re-
member it and in a few hours you are walking up to
the ranch, where your uncle says he is surprised
you got back so quickly!

When you tell what has happened to you, no
one at the ranch believes it, though they are fasci-
nated by your enormous egg.

"Maybe we'll believe that egg is real-and be-
lieve your story-if it will hatch a monster," your
uncle says, '"'or if you break it open to show us
what's inside."

If you decide to break the egg open,
turn to page 72.

If you keep it in your closet until
you have a chance to get
scientific advice, turn to page 103.

--- PAGE 071 END ---

--- PAGE 072 START ---

72-

With your aunt and uncle and some ranch
hands standing by, you very gently tap the egg
with an axe, hoping it will split open without frag-
menting.

"Wait a minute!'"' Uncle Howard cries out. "I'm
ready to believe you, but I think we better get a
naturalist down from the University to see this
first."

You are relieved that your uncle feels this way,
because it seems like a terrible responsibility-
cracking open an egg like that and possibly killinga
rare monster before it is born.

Uncle Howard calls the naturalist, a famous pro-
fessor of paleontology, who agrees to come down
the following Saturday. You place the egg in a
large bowl in the middle of the dining room table.

--- PAGE 072 END ---

--- PAGE 073 START ---

The next day is Friday, and that evening the
whole family goes out to the movies. When you
return, you find the house has been broken into
and the egg is missing:

Neither you, your aunt and uncle, nor any of the
ranch hands, nor the police are ever able to find
the egg. Most people you tell your story to just
smile and say, "Sure." But Uncle Howard, even
though he is a skeptical man, tells you he knows
you were telling the truth.

The End

--- PAGE 073 END ---

--- PAGE 074 START ---

The idea that the Loch Ness monster goes into
the Cave of Time for a hundred years or so before
returning seems preposterous. And, even ifit does,
it seems very doubtful you could dive down deep
enough to find the underwater entrance. So you
resign yourself to making a living fishing the waters
of Loch Ness.

You find it a tolerable, though not very interest-
ing, life. You particularly like rowing out in your
skiff in the early morning mists and watching the
pale, red sun struggling to shine through the haze.
That's what you are doing one day when you feela
tremendous thump under your boat, the stern is
heaved high into the air, and you are hurled over
the bow and into the jaws of the monster.

Some of your friends find the wreckage of your
boat later in the day and, throughout the village,
people say to each other-"The monster has re-
turned again."

The End

--- PAGE 074 END ---

--- PAGE 076 START ---

After hearing of the forbidding world you've
witnessed at your end of the Cave of Time, Louisa
is agreeable to your helping her try to find the way
back to her entrance.

"Tell me about the world outside your entrance
to the Cave of Time. Is itin America? What year is it
there?" you ask, as the two of you walk along.

"The year 2022, of course," she replies.

"You mean people are still wearing blue jeans
then?" you ask.

"They've come back into style lately," she
laughs.

"You must have some new inventions that we
did not have in my time. Tell me about your most
modern things."

"T think the best things are the bicycle trails.
Since 1997 they've allowed no new roads to be
built-only bike trials-and now there are as many
miles of bike trails as there are of roads for cars.

"So you can really bike all over the country?"

--- PAGE 076 END ---

--- PAGE 077 START ---

"Sure-and not alongside buses and trucks and +f
crazy drivers, but through forests and across plains  % |
and deserts and along rivers and streams. Isome-
times feel like biking forever that way, and there
are hostels for bikers where you can sleep in com-
fort for almost nothing. Most of the cost is paid for
by taxes on gasoline."

Suddenly you feel the ground giving way be-
neath your feet. You and Louisa are falling. The
two of you land at the base of a steep bluff, shaken
but unharmed, alongside a road. You wonder
what year you have arrived in. Then, nearby, you
see a billboard that says, ""CADILLAC-the Car of
the Year, every Year!"

"What's a Cadillac?" Louisa asks.

The End

--- PAGE 077 END ---

--- PAGE 078 START ---

You'd rather spend the rest of your life search-
ing for an entrance to the Cave of Time than settle
for the placid life of a fishing village. So you bid
your new friends farewell and set out over the
countryside, headed south for London. Your goal
is to find a ship to take you to America, though you
know America hasn't been discovered yet, for
somehow you must find your way back to Red
Creek Canyon and the Cave of Time

A few hours later, as you are walking on a road
along the edge of the forest, some burly men ride
out from behind a clump of trees.

"We've got you," one shouts. "You're the one
who escaped from the tower, aren't you?" They
force you upon a horse and ride at top speed
toward the castle.

"The penalty for escaping from the tower is
hanging," one of them tells you.

You find out he is right.

The End

--- PAGE 078 END ---

--- PAGE 079 START ---

You have no wish to risk sinking with the Titanic,
so you climb back down the ladder into the hold of
the ship-hoping that somehow you will find your
way back to the cave. In your haste, you lose your
gripand fall. You reach out, but too late. You land
so hard you are knocked out. When you awaken,
you are in one of the passageways of the cave.

If you explore the passageway,
turn to page 86.

If you decide to check out
the outer entrance to the
cave again, turn to page 88.

--- PAGE 079 END ---

--- PAGE 080 START ---

"Since you can't find your way to your own
time," you say, "perhaps we can find my time."
You lead her back a short distance, until you
come to an unusually wide tunnel. You stop, and
Louisa looks at you inquiringly. ''Let's try this
one," you say.

After traveling almost an hour, the two of you
smile with joy to see light ahead, and you soon
come out of the tunnel and stand on reddish
sandy ground, surveying a saucer-shaped terrain.
The air is as fresh and clear as on a crisp, fall day.
You guess that you may be in the crater of an
extinct volcano. Suddenly, there is a thundering
roar behind you. Louisa and you run from a
landslide that buries the tunnel leading back to
the Cave of Time.

"T wonder what year it is?"' Louisa asks, after
the two of you have collected your wits.

For the first time you look up at the sun. It is
four times as large as the sun you knew, though
not as bright. It is almost directly overhead, yet its
color is a rusty red.

"T don't know the answer," you reply, "but
from what I've read about astronomy, I would
guess it's the year 2,000-plus about four billion
years."

The End

--- PAGE 080 END ---

--- PAGE 081 START ---

You feel yourself slowly regaining conscious-
ness. You are in your bed at Red Creek Ranch,
looking up at Uncle Howard. Standing nearby is a
friend of his who is a doctor.

"You took quite a bad fall climbing on those
rocks up in the canyon," Uncle Howard says.
"Doc Parsons tells me he doesn't know why you
didn't break any bones. We were real worried
about you-thought you got lost in one of those
caves up there."

You feel a bit dizzy and weak, so you just smile
and say nothing. Probably no one would believe
you anyway. Years later, though, you write a book
about your adventures in the Cave of Time.

The End

--- PAGE 081 END ---

--- PAGE 082 START ---

You go up to the base of the wall where the |
people are working. When they see you, they
imagine you are a spy from some unknown tribe.
Some guards capture you and force you to sit on a
pile of rocks while they talk about you.

After a while they point to one of the ladders.
Two other people force you to start handing up
rocks. You realize that you have been conscripted
to work building a wall twenty feet high, twelve feet
wide, and 1,400 miles long. You calculate it will
take about ten billion rocks to build the wall. You
wonder how many of them you will lift before you
can escape-if you ever do.

The End

--- PAGE 082 END ---

--- PAGE 083 START ---

Much as you would like to see the inside of the
alien ship, you have no desire to be whisked off
into space. You step back to what you hope is a
safe distance and watch what happens. In a mo-
ment the portal closes, and almost instantly the
ship rises, silently, straight up. Within a few min-
utes it is lost from view. You walk over to look
more closely at the primitive looking people sleep-
ing on the pallet. They begin to stir and stretch and
rub their eyes as if waking from a long sleep.

If you stay and try to make
friends with the primitive people,
turn to page 85.

If you return to the hill and try
to find your way back to the
Cave of Time, turn to page 84.

--- PAGE 083 END ---

--- PAGE 084 START ---

You run up the hill and out of sight before any of
the primitive people awaken. You must find an
entrance to the Cave of Time. You search in the
high rocky ground for some opening. Hours go by;
dusk is fast approaching. Just as you are about to
give up hope, you spy the entrance to a cave under
a rock ledge. You eagerly step inside and have
only a moment's awareness that it is the den of a
saber-toothed tiger.

The End

--- PAGE 084 END ---

--- PAGE 085 START ---

The people look around curiously. They hardly
seem to notice your presence. One by one they get
up and walk around. One of them drinks from the
stream. They make grunting and clicking noises,
but do not seem to be actually talking among
themselves. The largest of the group picks up a
stick from the ground and begins prying up the
roots of plants along the edge of the stream. He
bites at each one. Finally he smiles and passes the
root around to the others. One woman claps her
hands. The others begin to find sticks. One of the
men hands you a piece of root. You bite at it. It
tastes like a dirty carrot. The women smile at you.
You are accepted in the group.

The next morning you wake up in the soft mossy
bank in Snake Cavern, a few dozen yards from the
entrance to the cave, wondering how much of
what has been happening to you has been a
dream and how much has been reality. But you
have no desire to go into the Cave of Time again.

The End

--- PAGE 085 END ---

--- PAGE 086 START ---

You walk on and on, hoping the passageway
will lead you to your own time. You soon come to
a tunnel that leads into a dark, musty room re-
sembling the cellar of a large house. There are a
great many people huddled in groups, sitting on
blankets in complete darkness save for the light of
a few flickering candles. You hear the dismal wail
of a siren, Near the center of the room an old-
fashioned radio sits on the table playing a mixture
of classical music and static. Then the sirens stop,
the ground shakes, and you hear a tremendous
explosion nearby, then another further away, then
another so close that a wall and half the ceiling
come crashing down in a pile of rubble, blocking
the tunnel. You and the others scramble to the
| opposite side of the room, coughing and gasping
in the dust-filled air.

You are about to begin a new life. The year is
1940; the place, London.

The End

--- PAGE 086 END ---

--- PAGE 087 START ---

You have no desire to be involved in building
the Great Wall of China, or, for that matter, to be
taken to another planet by aliens. You walk back |
into the crevasse, hoping to find a tunnel that |
might lead to another time. You walk along the
bottom of the crevasse and reach an opening on
the other side of the ridge, where you half expect
to see the rolling countryside, the stream and the
space ship that were there before.

; Instead, the crevasse leads to the ocean! Like a

/ bad dream, where the scene suddenly changes

| into something entirely different, you find that the
hills have become waves, which surround you so
that the rock you are standing on is only a reef

; protruding a few yards above the wind-swept seas.

And there seems to be no escape, because, for all

you can tell, you are standing on the only land in

the world.

: The End

--- PAGE 087 END ---

--- PAGE 088 START ---

You walk back through the cavern, wondering if
the entrance will still be blocked by ice. This time,
though, you are greeted by a warm breeze. Sun-
light is shining on the ground near the entrance,
and you walk outside.

Squinting your eyes in the bright light, you see a
world totally different from the one you know. You
are on a hillside. For miles and miles you can see
grassy plains speckled with lakes. Nearby isa forest
of towering fers, swaying in the wind. The world
before you seems strangely quiet, except for the
faint rumbling of distant thunder. Suddenly, the
thunder seems much closer-and louder. The
thundering sound is moving through the ferns.
You run up the hill looking for a place to hide. A
huge shadow passes on the ground. Above you,
soaring through the air, is a creature larger than
any bird you have seen.

Go on to the next page.

--- PAGE 088 END ---

--- PAGE 089 START ---

Now it is clear what has been happening. The
cave is a crack in the universe-a place outside
space-time. Once inside its tunnels you could find
yourself at any place, at any time. If you enter
again you might be sent to a place from which you
could never escape. Yet that is your only hope of
returning to your own place and time.

If you go back into the cave,
tur to page 90.

If you remain outside,
turn to page 91.

--- PAGE 089 END ---

--- PAGE 090 START ---

Inside the cave again, you feel depressed and
confused. Your eyes do not seem to be getting
used to the dim light. You cannot find any pas-

| sageways leading to other times. You feel increas-
ingly drowsy. Soon you fall asleep on the cold clay

| floor of the cave.
. Sometime later you awaken. The cave is pitch

dark, but the bright light at the opening tells you
| the sun is shining brightly outside. You walk out
into the daylight and, to your surprise and delight,
you see Snake Canyon, the trail, the grove of pine
trees nearby-everything just as it was when you
entered the cave. Even the sun is in the same
place, just about to pass behind the rim of the
canyon. Somehow you have returned to your own
time-or more precisely, the time it was before
you fell asleep in the cave.
You rub your eyes and start down the path back
to the Red Creek Ranch with a story to tell that no
one will believe, but that you will never forget.

The End

--- PAGE 090 END ---

--- PAGE 091 START ---

Reasoning that you can always find your way
back into the cave when you want to, you decide
to explore the world in which you have found
yourself.

You make your way along a rock ledge over-
looking the plains and lakes, taking care to keep
your bearings so you can find your way back to the
cave.

By now you are getting very hungry. You know
that you are in the age of reptiles-at least 100
million years ago-and that mammals may not yet
have appeared on earth. There will be no rabbits
or deer to hunt, though the lakes may contain fish.
You wonder how dinosaur eggs taste.

You follow a wide path through the fern trees.
When you round the first bend, you find yourself
face to face with the horrible Triceratops, a great
gray monster almost hidden behind its shields and
horns. It looks at you curiously with dull brown
eyes. You tum, run, and crash into a tree trunk-
one that wasn't there before!

The bark feels like leather. You look up to see
how high it is-into the jaws of Tyrannosaurus
Rex.

--- PAGE 091 END ---

--- PAGE 092 START ---

Youcontinue a long distance until you come to
the next tunnel. From there it is only a short dis-
tance until you reach the surface. An amazing sight
meets your eyes.

'As far as you can see, the land looks like a
beautiful park, with soft, feathery grass and tower-
ing trees. Here and there are clusters of multi-
colored, dome-shaped buildings, connected by
ramps, terraces and walkways. Some people
dressed in simple khaki pants and shirts and tan
sneakers walk up to you. They do not understand
your language, nor you theirs They look much
like the people of your time except that they are
unusually trim, muscular, and healthy looking,
and they are a good deal smaller than your own
people.

They take you inside a dome-shaped building
and show you electronic equipment that looks like
acomputer. You notice a typewriter, so you sit at it
and type a message.

The computer prints out a reply. It apparently
has access to memory banks containing your lan-
guage. You soon discover you are livingin the year
3742.

Tur to page 56.

--- PAGE 092 END ---

--- PAGE 093 START ---

You dive down into the tunnel, hoping you can
t make it back to an earlier time. Gratefully, you feel
? cool, damp air coming up from the cave. You are
curious to try the next tunnel you come to, thinking
: that it may show the state of the world just before it
; began to burn up from the intensifying heat of the
: dying sun, or that it might show what happened
afterward! But you suspect that a tunnel further on
might be more likely to lead you back to your own

time.

If you take the first tunnel,
turn to page 31.

If you take a tunnel further along
the way, turn to page 32

--- PAGE 093 END ---

--- PAGE 094 START ---

You climb up the steps between the last car and
the caboose just as the train begins to start up
again. When you open the door to the car, you are
surprised to see soldiers in blue uniforms holding
old-fashioned rifles. They advance upon you. One
of them strides past you to see if anyone else
followed you.

"How did you know this was the President's
car?"' the first soldier asks you.

"What President?" you reply.

Then, to your amazement, you get the answer
to your question, for the very tall bearded man
walking down the aisle could be no one else but
Abraham Lincoln.

"That's all right," the President tells the soldiers,
"T could use some company right now. You may
stay until we reach Gettysburg," he says to you.
"But maybe you should get off at Parkersville. I
know of some good people there who will help
you out."

If you stay on until Gettysburg,
turn to page 96.

If you get off at Parkersville,
tur to page 100.

--- PAGE 094 END ---

--- PAGE 096 START ---

"Td like to stay on till Gettysburg," you say.

"Well, that's fine," the President replies. "Why
don't you sit across from me? I have to write outa
little talk ['m giving there, and, while ['m doing
that, you think about what you re going to make of
your life, because you can't spend all your time
riding on trains, after all."

You nod in.agreement and sit quietly watching
the President scribbling some lines on an en-
velope. After awhile he looks up from his writing
and you look each other in the eyes.

"You have a great future,"' he says abruptly.

"How can you tell," you ask.

"By looking at your face."

"Just by that?"

"Just so."

As you are talking, you notice two elaborately
dressed men approaching from the end of the car.
They whisper a few words to the President. He
excuses himself, shakes hands with you, and tells
one of his soldiers to see that you are provided for
in Gettysburg.

Go on to the next page.

--- PAGE 096 END ---

--- PAGE 097 START ---

When you arrive at Gettysburg, one of the sol-
diers takes you to a family who welcomes you
warmly and agrees to put you up for awhile, if you
will help them out with their farm.

You find it amazing to be living in a time with no
cars, radios, television, record players, or even
telephones. It's peaceful-at least when there is
not a war going on-but you feel homesick. You
feel the great future the President predicted for you
lies in your own time, and you resolve to find your
way back to the Cave of Time.

The End

--- PAGE 097 END ---

--- PAGE 098 START ---

If you take the train, it may ruin your chance to
return to the Cave of Time. It seems best to stay
close to the tunnel. At any rate, you decide you will
be able to think better after getting something to
eat, so you walk over to the farmhouse.

The farmer's wife gives you a bowl of soup, but
she won't believe the story you make up to explain
your presence there. You soon get the idea you
are not welcome, so you trudge on into town,
where the innkeeper lets you have a room for the
night.

The next morning you get a ride on a coach to
Philadelphia. A Quaker family takes you in and
helps you get work as a carpenter's apprentice.
You don't like the job, and soon you leave

ii

--- PAGE 098 END ---

--- PAGE 099 START ---

Philadelphia to go to New York, where you are
able to find a job working for a newspaper. Even-
tually you travel all over the world. You live along
and wonderful life, dying just a few years before
you are born.

The End

--- PAGE 099 END ---

--- PAGE 100 START ---

It's less than a mile to Parkersville, and the Pres-
ident shakes your hand and wishes you luck. One
of the soldiers arranges with the station agent for a
carriage to take you to a farm owned by an old
friend of his.

You soon become amember of the family. They
are good people and make you feel very much at
home. You are surprised to learn, however, that
they plan to sell their farm and move to California
The new life in the West they describe is so appeal-
ing that you decide to go with them.

You never regret it, except, sometimes, you
wish you could see your own time again.

The End

--- PAGE 100 END ---

--- PAGE 101 START ---

With considerable trepidation you slide down
the tunnel. You mean to turn off at one of the side
passageways that might take you back to your own
time, but you are too exhausted to search for the
entrance. You half slide, half climb down the
tunnel-further back into time-then you lose
your balance. You fall a great distance, land in
deep water, and sink a long ways.

You are barely able to surface and, when you
do, you find that the air is filled with dense fog. The
water is warm, but the fog is so thick you can
hardly breathe. The air smells slightly of sulphur.
Gasping for breath, you realize you must be sev-
eral billion years in the past and that oxygen has
not yet been released into the atmosphere.

The End

--- PAGE 101 END ---

--- PAGE 102 START ---

You sit down and rest your chin in your hands,
unable to believe the fate that has befallen you. To
live forever in a timeless world seems worse than
death.

"Well, to tell the truth, there is a way to get back
to your own time," the woman finally says, "but, if
you follow it, you will not be able to live forever."

"1 don't care," you say. "Show me the way."

"Very well," she says, shaking her head in dis-
belief. ''Dive under the rock ledge beneath me and
swim through the tunnel you will find there. You
will come up in your own time. Don't worry, it's
only a few yards. You can make it."

You take a last look around, wave good-bye
and dive. A few seconds later you surface in a
pond just inside the entrance of the Cave of Time.
You swim to shore and run out through the cave
entrance into the open air, almost crashing into
your Uncle Howard, who has come looking for
you.

"You're late for dinner," he says. "We won-
dered what happened to you. You ought to keep
better track of the time."

The End

--- PAGE 102 END ---

--- PAGE 103 START ---

The next day you call the Department of Zool-
ogy at a nearby university, where you are referred
to Dr. Henry Kam, a specialist in large reptiles. Dr.
Karn is skeptical about the egg but agrees to drive
to Red Creek Ranch immediately to see it.

By the time he arrives, you are feeling very
nervous. Suppose the egg is just made of plastic?
Your concem is heightened by his stern appear-
ance. He shakes hands brusquely with you and
your uncle and immediately asks to see the egg.

When you hand it to him, he says nothing while
he stares intently at it, holds it up to the light, taps it
and scratches it with a pen knife. Then he holds it
to his ear.

Finally he smiles at you and gently puts the egg
down. "It's quite possible this is the egg of a
Plesiosaurus, an aquatic dinosaur of the late Juras-
sic period. It is highly unlikely it will ever hatch.
Even so, | would want to keep it in an incubator at
the University for at least a year before breaking it
open. ll + you know, of course, if anything de-
velops.""

A few wecks have passed since then and
whenever the phone rings you wonder if Dr. Karn
is calling.

The End

--- PAGE 103 END ---

--- PAGE 104 START ---

ij When you tell him you come from theTwentieth
Century through the Cave of Time, Nick smiles.
Then you tell him a little about life in your own
time-about cars and planes, telephones and tele-
vision. He listens intently, with a big grin on his
face, as if youare telling th funniest story ever told
"Pm so glad to meet you," Nick says. "Tve
always wanted to know about life in the Twentieth
Century." He tries to look serious, but begins to
laugh, thinking it's all a joke.
"Seriously," you say, (since you know he will
i 4 never believe you) "Ihave no home Do you know
of a place where I can stay?"

--- PAGE 104 END ---

--- PAGE 105 START ---

"Tm sure you can stay at our house," he says
warmly. ""We have such a big family, one more
won't matter, but you must be willing to work in
the shop with the rest of us."

Since you feel you hardly have any other
choice, you accept his offer and feel grateful when
his parents give you a good dinner and a comfort-
able bed. Nick tells you, with much seriousness,
that you are living in the year 1718 in Boston, the
principal town in the British colony of Mas-
sachusetts.

You soon become one of the family. They are
good people and treat you well. But each day you
have to work long hours boiling soap and pouring
it into molds, waiting on customers and doing
errands for Nick's father, whom you have come to
know as Uncle Ted.

Your neighbor, Mr. Nelson, is a printer. He re-
cently returned from England with a printing press
and letter type he bought there. The business in-
terests you, and you consider working as his ap-
prentice, but to do so you would have to sign
papers indenturing yourself to work faithfully for
him for six full years.

If you decide to stay at home and
continue to work for Uncle Ted,
turn to page 107.

If you decide to be indentured
to be an apprentice in Mr. Nelson's
printing business, turn to page 109.

--- PAGE 105 END ---

--- PAGE 106 START ---

You do your best to make up a story about how
you ran away from home, but Nick sees that you
are not telling him the truth. While you're talking,
he packs up his fishing gear, says goodbye, and
walks off.

Once he is out of sight, you start down the road
and, after a mile or so, reach a settled area. While
youare standing near a church, wondering what to
do next, a constable approaches and asks where
you're from. This time you try to explain what
really happened. After listening awhile, he arrests
you for disorderly conduct and locks you up in the

local jail.
Later in the day, a big, stupid-looking guard
i comes to bring you a ration of soup and bread. He
4 is fascinated by your strange clothes and by the

i rumors he has heard about you. After opening the
door to your cell, he hands you your food and
i stands back and looks at you curiously.
"They say you're in league with the devil," he
says. "Is it so?"

If you try to run past the guard
and escape, turn to page 111.

7) If you tell him you are innocent,
turn to page 113.

--- PAGE 106 END ---

--- PAGE 107 START ---

Although you feel you would probably enjoy
the printing business more than a career as a soap
maker, you wish to remain free to take advantage
of some other opportunity.

The work with Uncle Ted is tedious. You feel
you could not bear life devoted to making candles
and soap. You spend most of your spare time
reading what books you can lay hold of, but you
are anxious to travel and see the world.

Not long afterwards, you sign up on the brigan-
tine, Nina, as a deck hand. The ship is owned by a
tich merchant, and it is bound for Barbados in the
West Indies with a load of lumber and then on to
England.

You find life at sea much harder than you ex-

--- PAGE 107 END ---

--- PAGE 108 START ---

pected, especially when you are required to climb
the rigging in a howling gale, but eventually you
become captain of your own ship. In every place
you visit you ask the people you meet whether
they have ever heard of the Cave of Time.

The End

--- PAGE 108 END ---

--- PAGE 109 START ---

You go to work in Mr. Nelson's shop and soon
become proficient in the art of printing. But after
awhile, you become increasingly unhappy. Mr.
Nelson refuses to raise your wages or give you a
chance to own part of the business. There are no
jobs available for you in Boston, so you decide to
move to Philadelphia, where you have heard there
is a greater demand for printing.

Happily, Mr. Nelson agrees to release you from
your indenture, and by selling almost all your pos-
sessions, you are able to raise enough money to
engage passage on a coastal schooner. After along
and stormy voyage down the coast, your ship
docks early on a Sunday morning at the Market
Street wharf in Philadelphia.

You are tired and hungry and you use some of
your last money to buy a loaf of bread. Out of
curiosity, you follow some well-dressed people
into the Quaker meeting house. The people seat
themselves, but, following custom, no one speaks.
It is so peaceful you fall sound asleep. When you
awaken, the Quakers welcome you. One family
gives you lodging and, fortunately, you are able to
get a job with one of the two printers in the town.

Go on to the next page.

--- PAGE 109 END ---

--- PAGE 110 START ---

1 110

You work hard to improve your skills as a
printer. Within a few years, with the help of some
friends, you are able to raise enough money to go
into business on your own.

Your printing business thrives, and after awhile
you start your own newspaper. It begins to look as
if the Eighteenth Century is a pretty good time for
you to be alive.

The End

--- PAGE 110 END ---

--- PAGE 111 START ---

The guard is too startled, and maybe even too
afraid, to stop you as you dart past him and out of
the jail house. You run down the street as fast as
you can. As you stop to catch your breath, a thin,
bearded man drivinga coach pulls up next to you.

"You seem to be in some trouble," he calls out.
"Can I be of help?"

Too tired to make up any story, you begin to tell
him everything that has happened to you. He is
very excited by your story and invites you to a
nearby tavern, where you have your first good
meal since you left Red Creek ranch. Your host
hardly eats anything. He looks pale and seems to
have a bad cough.

Go on to the next page.

--- PAGE 111 END ---

--- PAGE 112 START ---

When you finish recounting your tale, he says,
"tis strange that we have met. I have tuberculosis,
and no doctor in Boston can help me. My only
hope is to reach a future time."

"T think it's my only hope too," you say.

"Tf we help each other, I think we can find our
way back to your time-my new time," he replies.

The two of you shake hands on it and set out on
your quest the next day at sunrise.

Together, you are successful in finding your way
to the present time. Your friend from the past is
cured with the help of modern medicines and later
becomes a history teacher who is known through-
out the country for his amazing knowledge of life in
colonial America.

The End

--- PAGE 112 END ---

--- PAGE 113 START ---

: When you tell the guard you are innocent, he
scowls and slams shut the door of the cell. "You'll
not take me to the devil with you!" he calls back as
he walks away.

The next day you are brought into a courtroom
before a stern looking judge. After hearing the
charges against you and listening to what you have
to say, he shakes his head and scowls angrily.
Then he looks at the prosecutor and pounds his fist
on the bench.

"Your charge against this person is for disor-
derly conduct, but the specifications you give are
'strange clothes and telling stories invented by the
devil." What you really are charging is witchcraft!
There will be no such madness in my court and let
me have none of it again from you! Case dis-
missed."

The judge not only sets you free, but afterwards
gives you a home to live in and helps you on your

way to a good and happy life in the Eighteenth
Century.

The End

--- PAGE 113 END ---

--- PAGE 114 START ---

There is a certain tone in the knight's laughter
that does not inspire your trust, so you thank him
graciously and tell him you have other business to

attend to,
"Then go toit," the knight replies. "Take care to

keep your business drier than yourself!"
He gallops off in a rush. You are glad to be rid of
him.
Eager to find the entrance to the Cave of Time,
you climb up behind the rock wall that slopes into
the pond. After searching for an hour, you find a
tunnel leading underground.

Turn to page 61.

--- PAGE 114 END ---

--- PAGE 115 START ---

You jump aboard and find yourself in a sealed
chamber. The walls surrounding you remind you
of the inside of a bathtub. It occurs to you that the
beings who control this spaceship have some
means of manipulating time. Could it be that the
Cave of Time is their creation? As you are thinking
these thoughts, you become increasingly drowsy.
In a moment you are asleep.

You awaken in darkness, wondering if you may
be traveling through space in the alien ship. There
is light coming toward you from one direction and
you get up and walk toward it. Then you realize
you are looking through the opening of your cave.
You huny out and, to your joy, find Snake Can-
yon just as you remembered it. You are back in
your own time.

It's a long while before you feel like visiting
Snake Canyon again. When you do, you find the
opening to the Cave of Time has been covered
over by a massive rock slide, and, you think to
yourself that may be just as well.

The End

--- PAGE 115 END ---

--- PAGE 117 START ---

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

A graduate of Princeton University and Columbia
' Law School, EDWARD PACKARD lives in New
; York City, where he is a practicing lawyer. Mr.
Packard conceived of the idea for the Choose
Your Own Adventure® series in the course of
telling bedtime stories to his children, Caroline,
Andrea, and Wells.

ABOUT THE ILLUSTRATOR

PAUL GRANGER is a prize-winning illustrator
and painter.

--- PAGE 117 END ---

--- PAGE 119 START ---

OWN

TREASURE DIVER #32

THE DRAGON'S DEN #33

THE MYSTERY OF HIGHLAND CREST #34
JOURNEY TO STONEHENGE, #35

THE SECRI EASURE OF TIBET #36
WAR WITH THE EVIL POWER MASTER #37
SUPERCOMPUTER #

THE THRONE OF Z|
SEARCH FOR MOU}

26522

THE DEADLY SHADO'
OUTLAWS OF SHERWOOD "FORE St, #47
SPY FOR GEORGE WASHIN
DANGER AT ANCHOR MI

Te AY.

GHOST HUNTER 45:

CASE OF THE SICK KING #53

FOREST OF FEAR #54

TRUMPET OF TERROR #
INCHANTED KINGDO!

THE ANTIMATIBR FORMULA #57

STATUE OF LIBERTY ADVENTUR)

TERROR ISLAND #5

VANISHED! #60.

BEYOND ESCAPE! #61

SUGARCANE ISLAND #62

MYSTERY OF THE SECRET ROOM #63

VOLCANO #64

MARDI GRAS MYSTERY #65

THE SECRET OF NINTA #66

SEASIDE MYSTERY #67

SECRET OF THE SUN GOD #68

ROCK & ROLL MYSTERY #69

INVADERS OF THE PLANET EARTH #70

SPACE VAMPIRE #71

GHOST HUNTER #72

BEYOND THE GREAT WALL #73

LONGHORN TERRITORY #74

PLANET OF DRAGONS #75,

THE MONA LISA Ts MISSING #76

THE FIRST OLYMPICS #77

RETURN TO ATLANTIS #78

26950 MYSTERY OF THE SACRED STONES #79

Prices and availability subject to change without notice.

Bantam Books, Dept. AV, 414 East Golf Road, Des Plaines, IL 60016

Please send me the books | have checked above. | am enclosing $_
(please add $2.00 to cover postage and handling). Send check or money order
-no cash or C.0.D.s please.

Mr/Ms
Address.
City/State

Zip -

AV-5/88
Please allow four to six Weeks for delivery. This offer expires 11/88

--- PAGE 119 END ---
