Page 1

To Juana  and Kelly
who inspired us to play  with power
This book is a work of fiction. Names,  characters, places  and
incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or
are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual  events or locales
or persons, living or dead, is entirely  coincidental.
AN ARCHWAY PAPERBACK ORlGINAL
An Archway Paperback published  by
POCKET BOOKS, a division of Simon & Schuster
1230 Avenue of the Americas, New York NY 10020
Copyright (c) 1991 by Nintendo. All Rights Reserved.
Cover artwork copyright (c) 1991 Nintendo.
Nintendo, Super Mario Bros. and Mario, Luigi, Princess Toadstool,
Mushroom King, Cobrat  and Toad are trademarks of Nintendo.
All rights reserved,  including  the right to reproduce
this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.
For information address  Pocket Books, 1230 Avenue
of the Americas, New York, NY 10020
ISBN: O-871-74113-8
First Archway Paperback Printing June 1991
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
AN ARCHWAY PAPERBACK and colophon are registered
trademark of Simon
& Schuster Inc.
Printed in U.S.A.
IL 5+
Creative Media Applications,  Inc.
Series  developed by Dan Oehlsen,  Lary Rosenblatt  & Barbara Stewart
Art direction by Fabia Wargin  Design
Cover painting by Greg Wray
Puzzle art by Josie  Koehne
Edited by Eloise Flood
Special  thanks to Ruth Ashby,  Lisa CIancy,  Paolo Pepe
Dear  Game  Player:
You are about to guide me through a great adven-
ture. As you read this book, you will help me decide
where  to go and what to do.
Whether  I succeed or
fail  is up to you.
At the end of every chapter, you will make choices
that  determine what happens next. Special
puzzles
will help you decide  what  I should do-   if  you can
solve them. The chapters in this book are  in a
special order.
Sometimes you must go backward in
order to go forward, if you know what I mean.
Along the way, you'll  find many different items to
help me with my quest. When you read that I have
found something, such as an anchor, you’ll see a box
like the o n e  below:
Use page  121 to keep track of the things you collect
and to keep score.
Good luck!
Driplessly  yours,
Luigi
Nintendo Adventure #2: Leaping Lizards
Scanned by Zarkob Martianbeast and compiled by Underdogs
Home of the Underdogs, http://www.the-underdogs.org/
Click on "Page X" to go directly to that page :)
