Page 3

–– CHAPTER ONE ––

Not a single pack of Lucky Strikes in all of Mexico City. I shook my head as my speeder
glided through the clammy, grimy darkness that lay like a rotten blanket over the metropolis.
From a quarter-mile up, I looked down on a sea of city lights, sparkling like sequins on a
private dancer’s too-tight dress. Just above the horizon, the blood-red moon was a bullet
wound in the night sky.

I’d spent most of the day scouring the city for a pack of Lucky Strikes, moving frantically
from one tienda to another, like a high-school sophomore on a scavenger hunt. I’d run out of
time and was forced to abandon my search for the cigarettes that meant fine tobacco. I
glanced at the small red box of cigarillos festering on the passenger seat and exhaled through
a grimace. It was at rare times such as these that I cursed my addiction. I cracked the window
of my speeder, took a final, excruciating hit from a Marlboro rojo, and flicked the sizzling
butt into the night. Below me, the red hot cherry ejected and burned out, leaving the charred
filter to spiral softly down into the world’s largest ashtray.

Directly ahead, the Torre Latino Americana, once the Mexican capital’s tallest building, stood
forty-seven stories erect above a knuckled clump of runty buildings. Together, they strongly
resembled a common hand gesture. Back at ya, pal.

I descended through the two-packs-a-day layer of atmosphere frosting and touched down on a
street south of the Dulce Vida apartment building. There wasn’t a lot of luxury to be found in
Central America’s largest capital, but the Dulce Vida had an aura that would pass for luxury
in any civilized spot. This was the sort of residence inhabited by tasters of decay, rather than
swallowers - people who liked the idea of living in Mexico City, but preferred to avoid the
hands on experience.

I slumped down in the driver’s seat and peered up at the top floor of the Dulce Vida. The two
windows on the far right were nice and dark. A less careful shamus would’ve made his move
immediately. I, on the other hand, saved that kind of recklessness for conjugal minefields and
offers of free liquor. The windows of the neighboring apartment were lined with Christmas
lights and ablaze in holiday cheer. There was no reason to take unnecessary risks. A
silhouetted figure passed by the window. I glanced at my watch: 8:29 P.M. It was Saturday
night, and there were only twenty-one shopping days until Navidad. I figured the odds were
fair to good that Eddie Ching’s neighbors would eventually go out for the evening.
Fortunately, I wasn’t in a hurry…as long as I didn’t think about my lack of Lucky Strikes.

I settled in to wait. Out of sheer habit and a pathetic dependence on nicotine, I pulled a Rojo
out of the pack and torched it. After a long drag and with renewed disgust, I removed the
cigarillo from my mouth and inspected it closely. It certainly resembled the cigarettes I’d
come to know and love - it even burned like the real thing. But it was an abomination, plain
and simple. The kind of creation Sauron and his minions worked through the night creating in
the foul-stench bowels of Barad-Dur.

But even a mutated distant cousin of nicotine had to be considered family. I leaned back, my
eyes locked on the windows of the Dulce Vida and my mind idling in neutral. In the distance,
Christmas music floated merrily through the polluted night air. What a way to spend the
holidays. Could’ve been worse, I supposed. I could’ve been working as a mall Santa. That
was a mistake I wouldn’t make twice.
