Page 4

A noisy, old-fashioned pickup truck roared past my speeder. I’d seen more four-wheeled
vehicles after five days in Mexico City than I’d seen in New San Francisco in a year. Being
out of the States made me appreciate my lot in life. Personal airborne transportation was still a
novelty to ninety percent of the world, and being among the other ten percent made me smile
- until I inhaled again.

A few minutes later, a scraggly group of teenagers paused to check out my speeder. Realizing
that the vehicle was occupied, the apprentice lifers meandered off in search of fun and profit.
Like the juvenile delinquents in New San Francisco, these hooligans were continuing the age-
old tradition of cultivating a look that would be as incomprehensible and distasteful as
possible to the preceding generation. The latest form of fashion rebellion was to shave a
narrow strip of hair from the forehead to the back of the neck. This was known as a racing
stripe. The width, depth, and design of the racing stripe apparently indicated gang affiliations
as clearly as the color of one’s socks had when I was growing up.

I sat in my speeder for almost an hour, smoking compost sticks and staring up at the Dulce
Vida. At last, the lights in the Yule-filled apartment went out. I tossed most of the rojo out
into the street and rolled up the window. There were four large, festively wrapped boxes in
the trunk. After getting them out, I closed the hatch and activated the security system. Mexico
City was notorious for its crime rate, and I, being a monolingual-and-damn-proud-of-it
Yankee, wasn’t about to take a chance on finding myself speederless and at the mercy of 30
million capitalist-loathing Latinos.

I looked both ways to avoid getting run down by some local reveler filled with mucha tequila,
and crossed the street toward the covered parking lot that nestled up against the ground floor
of the Dulce Vida. At the far end of the parking lot, a nondescript door provided a private
entry for tenants. The majority of foot traffic went through the front door, which was around
the corner on the east side, inaccessible directly from the parking lot. Having cased the
location several times over the past few days, I knew the back door had a lock that would
open only to the magnetic-strip cards given to tenants. Unfortunately, I didn’t have a card. But
I had something almost as good: a plan.

Peering out from behind my teetering stack of presents, I walked slowly into the parking lot.
With any luck, someone would use the door in the next couple of minutes. If no one appeared,
I would go to Step 2B of Plan A: intentionally drop the boxes, then stall until someone
showed up. I’d seen plenty of Three Stooges movies while researching the technique and was
confident I could pull it off.

A bright light flashed across the far wall as a car pulled into the parking lot and drove past
me. I maintained my nonchalance as the driver parked and stepped out. It was a tiny, though
sturdy elderly woman, always my preferred duping target. Laden with shopping bags, she
trudged wearily toward the door. I maintained my leisurely pace.

The woman reached the door, set a shopping bag on the asphalt and, after what seemed like an
eternity of purse searching, came up with a card, which she ran through the card reader. After
replacing the card meticulously, she grabbed the door handle with both hands and heaved. At
that moment, she became aware of me and turned. I threw every ounce of charm I could
muster into a wide smile.

“Feliz Navidad!”
