Page 6

–– CHAPTER TWO ––

Two days before, I’d paid my first visit to the Dulce Vida. I’d found out which apartment
Eddie Ching lived in and that he was out of town––a lucky break, since apartments are almost
easier to ransack when they’re unoccupied.

I then approached the manager under the pretense of wanting to lease an apartment. The
manager, a well-heeled, swarthy man by the name of Alfonso, had agreed to give me a tour of
the facilities. His English was as perfect as the white teeth that gleamed from beneath his
astonishingly manicured mustache. I’d said I was only interested in an apartment on the top
floor, with a spectacular view of Alfonso’s uncommonly beautiful city. Obviously pleased,
Alfonso had been more than happy to oblige.

As we rode the elevator to the eighteenth floor, Alfonso detailed the many benefits of
becoming one of his tenants. The combination of the high crime rate and the rich clientele, he
said, required that the apartment building be a veritable fortress of security. Not only were the
entrances to the residential areas sealed off to outsiders, but each apartment had its own
personalized security system. A keypad was installed on each apartment door, and the code to
unlock the door was chosen by and known only to the tenant. Moreover, additional security
systems, such as individual laser grids and LCD alarm glass for the windows, were offered
optionally inside each apartment. If I’d actually been a potential renter, it would’ve sounded
lovely. As it was, it made me nervous.

On the eighteenth floor, Alfonso had escorted me to an empty apartment on the far end of the
hall from Ching’s. I’d casually looked over his shoulder as he entered the code 1-2-2-1 on the
keypad. The access code was all I’d been after, but to avoid suspicion, I went along with the
compulsory tour, lavishly complimenting the architecture, the décor, and, of course, the
fabulous view. Alfonso and I then returned to the lobby, where I told him I would need time
to make up my mind.

The next day, I’d gotten everything together to execute my plan, then waited outside the
building. But the tenants in the apartment next to Ching’s didn’t go out that evening, so I was
forced to try again. This time everything was going smoothly.

The elevator doors opened on the eighteenth floor, and I walked briskly toward the door to the
empty apartment. To be safe, I knocked several times. There was no answer. I punched in 1-2-
2-1 on the keypad and opened the door.

Except for the dim city glow coming through the windows, it was dark inside the apartment. I
set the packages down and opened one of them. Inside was a flashlight, a laser blade, a bent
piece of metal, and an extremely expensive pair of ultra sensitive night-vision goggles.
Placing the implements in my deep overcoat pockets, I walked to one of the windows and,
after checking to make sure it had no alarm, opened it.

There was a wide ledge below the window. I stepped out onto it and made the mistake of
looking down. It hadn’t seemed so high up from the ground. I turned around to face the
window, closed it, and then began shuffling slowly along the ledge. The first two apartments I
slid by were dark. The third was lit up, but the only person I saw inside was a bald man,
sitting in an easy chair and facing away from me.
