Page 7

I reached the first window of Ching’s apartment without incident. Then I pulled out the
particle-beam-detection goggles and put them on. As I’d learned from my tour with Alfonso,
the apartment windows could contain the special and very expensive LCD alarm glass. Sure
enough, with the goggles on, I could see faint blue lines cycling through the glass in a grid
pattern. I wasn’t surprised - in fact, I’d counted on it. What suddenly concerned me was the
net of motion-detecting beams I could see beyond the window. The lines of light were about
three feet off the floor and crisscrossed from the wall under the window to about ten feet into
the room. I checked the second window, but it was equipped with the same safeguards. The
laser nets, in effect, were high-tech moats. Unless I turned them off, access through the
windows would be impossible.

I didn’t have much to lose. If the apartments were all set up the same, there would be a switch
on the wall about six inches to the right of the window, about four feet off the floor. After
establishing the approximate location of the switch, I watched the cycling pattern for several
minutes, then get out my laser blade and flipped it on. A razor-thin beam of light appeared,
about three inches in length. With the care of a rabbi performing his first circumcision, I
sliced into the glass and cut a hole with a two-inch diameter. Then I turned off the laser blade
and grabbed the bent piece of metal. Inserting it into the hole, I began twisting it, feeling for
the switch. After several seconds, I felt some resistance, then pushed down. The blue lights in
the glass disappeared. The laser net didn’t.

Using the laser blade, I cut an even wider hole in the glass, large enough to stick my head
into. Peering around in the dark, I soon decided that whatever controlled the laser net was not
within reach.

I’d been foiled. My first reaction, as always, was to light up. Then I reconsidered. Even
though it was dark, I could be seen easily, and some might consider my conspicuous presence
on the ledge of an exclusive penthouse apartment suspicious. The sooner I got inside, the
better. I decided to try the neighbor’s apartment. It was certainly preferable to being seen in
my current position.

On the plus side, the windows next door were made of ordinary glass and there was no laser
net inside, at least not an activated one. I peered inside and made sure the neighbors hadn’t
just gone to bed early. A preliminary check of the window confirmed that it was locked. I
took off the goggles and, using the laser blade, cut a rectangle large enough to crawl through.
Removing the section of window carefully, I stepped down into the apartment.

I got out my flashlight and moved the beam around. The apartment was furnished sparsely,
but tastefully. The motif was floral, a school to which I didn’t subscribe, but could certainly
appreciate. A simple, black leather couch took up a large section of the wall on the right. On
the other side of the wall behind the couch was Ching’s apartment. I touched the surface of
the wall, then knocked on it. A previously overlooked option occurred to me. I pulled the
couch carefully away from the wall and pulled out the laser blade.

I’d never used the laser blade on anything more dense than glass, but I thought it might have
enough juice to cut through plasterboard. Kneeling down, I aimed the laser beam and began to
cut. The wall studs were about two feet apart and, when I finished, there was an opening
approximately two feet wide by three feet high. Luckily, this section of the wall had no
electrical wiring. Once the hole in the neighbor’s wall was opened, I cut into the plasterboard
