Page 8

on Ching’s side. Two minutes later, a matching section of plasterboard came loose and
toppled over.

I replaced my laser blade, snapped on the goggles, and squirmed partway through the
opening. The laser net I’d seen from outside extended to about halfway between me and the
wall under the window. As long as I didn’t get too careless, it looked like I’d be relatively free
to explore the rest of the apartment.

I pulled myself all the way through the opening, then stood and took a look around. The first
things I noticed were nearly a dozen terrariums, tanks, and aquariums of various makes and
sizes, filled with everything from tropical fish to a boa constrictor. The soft and flickering
ambient light provided plenty of visibility, so I didn’t bother to turn on the flashlight.

As I looked back up, a figure moved suddenly on the far side of the room. I froze as my heart
rate instantaneously tripled. Trying not to breathe, I peered toward the opposite wall and saw
the face of a middle-aged man staring back at me, wild-eyed. After an instant of confusion, I
realized it was me. My knees nearly buckled with relief, and it took a minute for the pounding
in my ears to subside.

As my breathing slowly returned to normal, I inspected the walls of the room, which turned
out to be covered with pricey-looking paintings and ornately framed mirrors. The room was
not large, maybe twenty-five feet wide and forty feet long, but the mirrors gave it a much
bigger feel. Some furniture was scattered here and there, but this appeared to be more of a den
than a living room. I noticed a desk in one of the corners and decided to start there.

On top of the desk, I found a computer printout containing a list of names. As I looked it over,
one name jumped out at me: Lowell Percival. The billionaire industrialist had been a client of
mine years ago. I scanned the list and, as far as I could tell, it consisted of people interested in
buying rare artifacts.

I continued on and quickly rooted through the drawers of the desk, but turned up nothing
related to what I was looking for. The terrariums and aquariums didn’t seem to be worth
checking out, but I did anyway, just to be on the safe side. I paused to take a closer look at
Ching’s boa, which was curled into a dormant mound the size of a stegosaurus dropping. To
the right of this terrarium was another, this one containing three brightly colored, venomous-
looking serpents. Ching certainly had strange tastes. I imagined that poisonous snakes would
be slightly less cuddly pets than, say, a puppy. Between the terrariums, I saw a long metal
pole with a noose on the end. The thought of one of the snakes getting loose made the hair on
the back of my neck stand at attention.

There was only one door leading out of the room, directly across from the freshly cut hole in
the wall. I opened it and stepped into Ching’s living room. The second window I’d looked in
was on my right, opposite the front door to the apartment. The reflections of the city lights
provided some light, but not enough for a thorough search. The room was about the same size
as the den, but was much more lavishly furnished.

Directly across from me, I saw a large, wooden bookcase, crammed full of books. To the right
of the bookcase was an open doorway, leading to a small kitchen area. To the left was a
closed door, then a five-figure couch and love seat that occupied the entire corner of the room.
I paused to examine a display cabinet teeming with exotic objects. The room was filled with
