Page 9

plants, vases, and other ostentatious decorations. The exposed walls were covered with
paintings and still more mirrors. The apartment was a narcissist’s dream.

I walked around the room, examining the objects d’art and feeling like a tourist. In one
section of the room, I found a panel that opened to reveal a small but magnificently stocked
liquor cabinet. Ching kept an admirable selection of bourbons and scotches, as well as the
usual token bottles of rum, gin, and vodka. I was thirsty and nervous, but all I really wanted
was to finish the job and get out.

Eventually, I made my way to the bookcase and looked through it. Many of the volumes were
foreign. Unless these were just for show, it looked as though Ching spoke at least English,
Spanish, French, German, Japanese, and probably several other languages I couldn’t identify.
The selection of books ranged from The Complete Works of Shakespeare to a collection by
some guy named Flannery O’Connor. Regrettably, my preferred reading material had always
fallen somewhere between Spider-man comics and the back of a Cheerios box. Of the several
hundred volumes in the bookcase, I’d read only one - For Whom the Bell Tolls. Well, read
was an exaggeration, but I’d seen the movie. Gary Cooper and Ingrid Bergman. Now that was
a woman. Women like that had disappeared around the time tube tops and tie-dye became
fashionable. What a goddess. I sighed involuntarily. So very lonely.

I moved to the closed door, which turned out to be the entrance to the bano, the most
commonly used Spanish word not directly related to food. There was nothing remarkable
about the bathroom. To be thorough, I opened the medicine cabinet and casually glanced over
the contents. Unlike some people, I’ve never had an interest in inspecting other people’s
medicinal and hygienic inventories. It looked like a pretty typical selection, so I closed the
cabinet and returned to the living room.

The last area I checked was the kitchen. A stove, a microwave, a refrigerator, a sink, and a
small dinette set were crammed into a space maybe fifteen feet square. Cupboards mounted
on the walls circled the perimeter of the room. I took a peek in the refrigerator, but the interior
was even more vacuous than the back at my office. After ten minutes, I realized that there was
nothing to find in the kitchen.

I stepped back into the living room, discouraged. I’d searched carefully, but had nothing more
than the name of an old client and an unwelcome reminder of my lack of exposure to classic
literature. I swung the flashlight beam around, hoping to spot something I’d overlooked, but
there didn’t appear to be any container or space large enough to hold the item I was looking
for.

I started moving everything that wasn’t ruggedly attached to a wall and inspecting the areas
underneath. Behind an antique-looking oil painting of buxom fruit, I found a small wall safe.
Naturally, I was excited, but after experimenting with the dial for some time, I lost interest
and returned to my search. There was nothing but wall behind the living room mirrors and
paintings. The kitchen didn’t turn up anything, so I moved into the den. After fifteen minutes,
I’d come up empty again.

After I checked the wall behind the last painting, I stopped to consider my options. Taking
another look at the wall safe, I decided that I’d just have to accept the fact that I would
probably never get inside it.
