Page 10

Then a thought popped into my head. I returned to the living room and examined the layout.
The kitchen, living room, and bathroom formed a horseshoe shape around the bookcase.
Unless my calculations were way off, there was a rectangle of space about fifteen feet square
unac-counted for. I carefully inspected the bookcase, which appeared to have been built
directly into the wall. I tried to push it; I might as well have been trying to move my ex-
mother-in-law. I briefly considered using brute force, but for all I knew, there might be an
alarm of some sort attached to the bookcase itself.

There was only one thing to do. And it had worked before. I entered the bathroom and
removed the towels from a rack on the right wall. I’d bought the laser blade at Radioactive
Shack and wondered how much longer I had before it would break. Hopefully, it still had a
little life in it. Like I’d done in the neighbor’s apartment, I bent down and began to cut
through the wall.

As I started on the second layer of plasterboard, a ray of greenish light appeared through the
slit above the laser blade. A light source! There was definitely an en-closed area behind the
wall. I’d almost finished when the laser blade sputtered and went out. Using the heel of my
hand, I punched the center of the cut section. The plasterboard broke free, followed an instant
later by a crashing noise. I wriggled through the opening, into some sort of treasure chamber.
The room was no bigger than the kitchen, but was stuffed to the ceiling with paintings,
statues, vases, and glass cabinets full of loose precious stones and jewelry.

As I stood up, I saw the source of the crash: I’d tipped over a stack of framed paintings. The
one that had been nearest the wall had been nicked by the laser blade. I was no art expert, but
it looked like an original Rembrandt. I wouldn’t have known an original Rembrandt from a
decorative place mat, except I had one back at my office. At least that’s what the guy who’d
sold it to me had said. For seventy dollars, it better have been.

The small room’s contents had to be worth millions. It was like I’d found some legendary
pirate’s cave full of booty. A painting hung on the wall to my left and looked remarkably like
a Van Gogh. I hadn’t felt this overwhelmed and insignificant since my last date at divorce
court. But this time, everything was going my way. In the center of the room sat the Holy
Grail. Figuratively speaking. There was no question that this was what I’d come for. It was
just the way Countess Renier had described it to me: a statuette, formed in the shape of a bird,
about sixteen inches in height and constructed of some crystalline substance. It sat atop a
marble pedestal and didn’t appear to be hooked up to anything. It was a ripe peach, waiting to
be picked.

I got close to the pedestal and examined every square inch. It had no visible security
attachment. Moving slowly, like you do when extracting the funny bone in a game of
Operation, I reached for the prize. As my hands touched it, I felt a tingling sensation, similar
to the way frozen hands feel when they’re first soaked in hot water. I ran my hands over the
surface for a moment. I’d never felt anything like it. It felt almost malleable, though it was
obviously made of some solid material. Unsure of how heavy it would be, I tensed up and
lifted the statuette from the pedestal. A deafening alarm immediately tore through the
apartment.

I hesitated, unsure of whether I was responsible for the alarm going off. It didn’t matter. The
fact was, I’d broken into an apartment in one of the most secured buildings in Mexico City.
Getting caught would not be good. I passed the statuette through the opening in the wall, then
