Page 11

crawled back into the bathroom. As I shut the bathroom door behind me and hurried through
the living room, I heard pounding footsteps outside the front door coming down the hallway
from the direction of the elevator.

I hurried to the den as frantic Latin voices spoke rapidly outside. I passed the statuette into the
neighboring apartment, then glanced around. Nearby I saw a remote stereo speaker. It looked
just big enough to cover the opening in the wall. I was about to drop down and crawl through
when I thought of something that might buy me some time. I rushed across the room and
flipped open the lids on the terrariums containing the snakes. Then I returned to the stereo
speaker, moved it next to the hole, dropped to my knees, and began to back in. With
surprising speed, one of the smaller snakes slithered out of its tank and headed straight for me
as I reached for the speaker. The snake was four feet away and closing fast when I pulled the
speaker in front of the hole. As I stood up, I heard the front door to Ching’s apartment burst
open.

Safely inside the other apartment, I picked up the statuette, then pushed the black leather
couch back against the wall.  The Spanish-speaking voices next door slowly changed from
frantic to angry and confused.  I smiled to myself as I thought of them imagining that I had
simply vanished into thin air.  I wished I could understand what they were saying and
regretted for the hundredth time not following up on the language skills I’d acquired in
seventh-grade espanol with Senoritas Morena y Marta.

My amusement didn’t last long. I had to get to either the stairway, which was next to Ching’s
apartment, or to the elevator, which was across the hall from the vacant apartment I’d first
entered. Suddenly, someone knocked at the door of the apartment I was in. They knocked
again, more forcefully. I hurried to the window and crawled through. Without the luxury of
caution, I scampered along the ledge, my arms wrapped around the statuette. I reached the
window of the empty apartment pushed it open, and jumped inside.

I crossed the room to the front door and put my eye to the peephole. There didn’t appear to be
anyone at this end of the hall. Through the door, I heard the elevator chime and then watched
as a half dozen swarthy men piled out, led by an unsmiling Alfonso. They bolted off in the
direction of Ching’s apartment. Behind them, the elevator doors were open.

I turned the knob and opened the door. The elevator doors were starting to close. I bounded
across the hallway and knifed into the elevator, but the opening had narrowed and I’d brushed
one of the doors, causing the elevator to reopen. From the far end of the hall, I heard several
voices yelling “Alto!” Heavy footsteps came thundering down the hall as I repeatedly pushed
the button for the first floor. As the doors began to close, I had no idea how close my pursuers
were.

Apparently not close enough. The elevator doors pressed lightly together, and I began to
descend away from the loud voices. A wave of relief washed over me, but I wasn’t out yet.
The lobby and parking lot doors, as well as the stairways, would almost certainly be guarded.
I tried to think. My speeder was parked out past the covered parking area, so that would be the
direction to head toward. Maybe if I took the guards unawares, I could get past and outrun
them to the speeder. Unless, of course, they had guns, which they undoubtedly did. I didn’t
have much choice. I pressed the button for the second floor.
