Page 12

The doors opened at the second floor, and the immediate area was mercifully devoid of
humanity. I stepped out into a hallway almost identical to the one on the eighteenth floor. In
the corner across from the elevator, someone had placed a small, elegant stand with a vase full
of flowers. Nice touch.

I started with the closest apartment and tried the door knob. Locked. I made my way down the
hallway, stopping at each door and trying to open it. By the time I reached the last door, I
decided that I wasn’t going to get lucky, so I reared back and kicked it in. Cradling the
statuette like a football, I ran into the apartment, past a startled old man wearing nothing but a
pair of dingy boxers. He had dropped a can of beer onto his lap and was staring at me, wild-
eyed, as I dashed past him toward the window. I pulled the window open and looked out. It
was about a twenty-foot drop. It wouldn’t kill me, but it would probably leave a few bruises.
Wrapping my arms tightly around the statuette, I stepped onto the ledge and jumped.

A bed of flowers came rushing up at me. I tried to roll as I hit the ground, but didn’t quite pull
it off. As I lay in the garden dirt, staring up at the filthy night sky, excruciating pain shot up
and down my back and both legs. I decided to wait until the agony subsided before making
any attempt to stand. Several seconds passed.

Suddenly, above me, the beer-soaked man started to yell. The welcome addition of still more
adrenaline gave me just the boost I needed. I pried myself out of the loam, glanced around,
and hugging the statuette like a football, ran to daylight. Gunshots rang out above and behind
me. Weaving like a punt returner, I crossed the street and reached the speeder. It was where
I’d left it and still had its license plates, wipers, and antenna. Perhaps there was a god, after
all.

I climbed inside, turned on the ignition, and lifted off. The lights of Mexico City faded behind
me like firework residue. The statuette glowed faintly on the passenger seat. Hands shaking
and back aching, I lit a cigarette, took a drag, then opened the window and ejected the
abomination. I checked my radar - no one appeared to be following me. It looked like I’d
pulled it off. A glance at the geo-grid showed that the nearest decent-sized US city was
Brownsville, Texas. Four more hours, and I’d be seated in a café, a strong cup of coffee on
the left and a fresh pack of Luckys on the right. Four hours away, three and a half if I pushed
it.
