Page 13

–– CHAPTER THREE ––

Things were hopping at the Post-Nuclear (pronounced Nucular) café. The dinner seemed to be
particularly popular with truckers and migrant workers. A lone waitress with orange hair the
size of an award-winning state fair pumpkin bustled feverishly about the teeming horde of
Brownsville’s finest.

A single laminated page, burned and stained like the toilet tank cover in a bar restroom, sat in
front of me. An index card paper-clipped to the menu proclaimed the special of the day to be
beef pot pie and waldorf salad, with cherries jubilee for dessert. After brief consideration, I
discarded the special as a viable option. It sounded good in theory, but pot pies are a lot like
used vehicles and dames - no matter how good they look, it’s what’s under the hood that
counts.

I reached for the unopened pack of Lucky Strikes I’d bought approximately ninety seconds
after touching down in Brownsville. As I ran through the menu, I packed the fresh set of
smokes against the heel of my hand. Seven times - no more, no less.

This was the first step in a complex, yet satisfying ritual known only to those who indulge in
the world’s second or third most dangerous habit. Pinching the starter tab, I pulled gently and
unsealed the pack with all the care and anticipation of removing a bra. Next came the
stripping of the foil, and finally, the extraction. It was as close as I would ever get to
organized religion.

I tapped the cigarette on the tabletop, then moistened three quarters of an inch on the packed
end with my tongue. With my left hand, I placed the cigarette between my lips, just left of
center. My right hand approached, bearing the fire. My hands cupped around the Zippo as its
flame touched the tip of the Lucky Strike. I drew in deeply and slowly and heard the pleasant
crackling of toasted tobacco. My eyes closed, and I leaned back, wanting to savor indefinitely
this sensation of reuniting with my one true love.

In the midst of the rapture, I felt a distinctly pink presence close by. I opened my eyes and
saw that the orange-headed waitress had arrived. My head still resting on the back of the vinyl
booth seat, I glanced at her name: LaDonna. LaDonna looked down at me indulgently, her
foot tapping at about 6000 RPM and a brown cigarette dangling from her lip like an exhaust
pipe. I tossed her a disarming smile and sat up, my attention returning to the menu.

There were so many choices, and LaDonna was like a ticking bomb. If I didn’t order soon,
possibly within seconds, she was likely to detonate, which would likely hurl her away from
my booth and into a refilling condition-shuttling frenzy. God knew when she’d be back to
take my order. I had to think quickly, yet my sense of self-preservation told me I had to be
careful. Chicken-fried steak was out. So was the goulash. The meat hash intrigued me, but I
passed. Finally, my eyes came across the grilled cheese sandwich. How dangerous could a
grilled cheese sandwich be?

“I’ll have the grilled cheese sandwich.”

LaDonna scribbled furiously. “One grilled cheese. White, wheat, light rye, dark rye,
pumpernickel, or pita?”
