Page 14

I wasn’t sure how heavy I should go. I still had a long flight home. “White, please.”

“American, Swiss, Muenster, cheddar, Brie, Colby, of longhorn?”

“How about a nice medium cheddar? Something in the four-to six-month range.”

“Coffee?”

“A gallon, please. Make it extra thick.”

LaDonna nodded and returned in the direction of the counter. She was good. In the thirty feet
between my booth and the kitchen, she lit two cigarettes, dropped off three bills, told a joke,
laughed at two others, all without missing a step. As I watched her work, I noticed with some
shock how shapely her legs were. Of course, they were doing miraculous things with nylons
these days, but those gams looked authentic. They were certainly her most attractive feature.
The area between her hips and shoulders could’ve belonged to a Texas A&M middle
linebacker, and the beehive towering above her head made the distance from the nape of her
neck to her hair net measure a full third of her total height.

After a brisk, lingo-filled exchange with a dazed-looking short order cook, LaDonna set off
on another lap around the diner. She was fun to watch. I finished my first Lucky Strike and
was about to help myself to a second when LaDonna swung by and thrust a full cup of coffee
at me like a relay baton. Without spilling a drop, she slid the cup onto the table and continued
on without breaking stride.

If only the coffee had been as enjoyable and full-bodied as the service. At least it was hot -
and I’d had worse. As I blew steam across the top of the chipped mug, I couldn’t help but
yearn for an oversized serving of Louie Lamintz’s Armageddon blend. It was a truly magical
beverage. I could drink a fifth of bourbon and still do origami, but after three cups of the
Brew & Stew house blend I’d catch a buzz. Louie said the secret ingredient was love, but I
wasn’t so sure.

A thumping sound and the tinkle of broken glass caught my ear. I looked over toward the
counter and saw a heavy-set man face-planted onto the bar. A rail-thin older man behind the
counter was scurrying to mop up spilled beer as the patrons reacted with amusement,
empathy, and/or disgust. The sight made me think shamefully of my own recent behavior,
which would have been just as embarrassing if I’d had the money to drink in public.

As it was, I’d spent most of the previous month locked in my office with a bottle of rot gut
and a couple of Edith Piaf Cds. Sure, I knew I was better off without Sylvia - hell, I hadn’t
entertained a single Christian thought about her or even remotely wished she’s come back the
whole time - but the divorce had been a psychological root canal. The abscessed tooth had
been removed at the expense of the entire jaw.

With my naïve and reckless idealism blown to bits all over my office floor, I’d done the only
thing a hard-boiled PI could do under the circumstances: I picked up pieces, dropped them
into a tumbler, and poured myself a double bourbon. From there, I went through the usual
phases: disillusionment, resentment, anger, self-doubt, regret, rationalization, more anger,
grief, a little more anger, and finally, black and thirsty angst. Then, exhausted from my jog
