Page 15

around the emotional gamut, I’d rapidly descended into an amnesiac stupor of self-pity and
devil-may-care intoxication.

A door in the Post-Nuclear Café slammed shut, rousing me from my pondering, and I noticed
LaDonna approaching, a plate of food in one hand and a toxic-looking coffeepot in the other.
“Here you go, honey.”

LaDonna slid the plate in front of me and somehow topped off my mug at the exact same
instant, without spilling a drop. I looked up into her overdone eyes. “You’re an amazing
woman.”

For the first time since I’d seen her, LaDonna paused. Looking me straight in the eye without
a hint of a smile, she raised an eyebrow.

“You couldn’t afford me, sugar.” With a wink, she turned and resumed her plate-spinning act.
I understood why the place was packed.

When my smoke was finished, I turned my attention to the plate in front of me. The grilled
cheese sandwich looked surprisingly appetizing, a light golden brown except for the crispy
dark brown edges. I made a conservative estimate that half a stick of butter had been used to
grease the griddle. Melting cheddar seeped out from all four sides. Crunchy crinkle-cut fries
formed a hot, salty halo around the sandwich. There was no parsley to discard, no orange slice
to remove. This wasn’t cuisine - it was grub. Tasty food with no garnish required. I delicately
lifted one half of the still-steaming grilled cheese and took a large bite out of the center. The
smoldering cheddar was almost too hot to eat, almost. The mingling flavors of bread, butter,
and cheese went to the very root of my soul and spoke to me. They said “Mmmm.”

After I’d finished half the sandwich and a handful of fries, my stomach (fresh off a five-day
hunger strike) voted to light the post-prandial smoke and be done with it. My taste buds,
despite active campaigning by the other senses, eventually had to concede, and I pushed the
plate away. I was full and happy, a sensation I usually reserved for the Brew & Stew. I’d
never had Louie’s grilled cheese sandwich, but it was now on my list of things to do.

Over a third cup of coffee, I glanced down at the backpack on the seat beside me. Hopefully,
this was a sign of things to come. My career had never been the stuff of legends. Hell, I’d lost
count of how many part-time jobs I’d taken just so I could afford to be a gumshoe. My
resume, if I ever had the inclination or funds to have one made up, would read like an
unskilled-labor listing board at an unemployment office. I had a better chance of getting
invited to speak at a NOW rally than getting my bio in the PI Who’s Who.

Still, it was the only thing I’d ever really wanted to do. Mom had her heart set on my being an
optometrist. Of course, that was back when people still needed glasses and contact lenses,
before they became ostentatious fashion accessories. My father had me pegged to follow in
his footsteps and be a security guard. Maybe that was why I’d become a detective…some sort
of subconscious Oedipal thing.

The problem started thirty-two years earlier. The babysitter let me stay up and watch the late,
late show. Little did I know how lasting the impact of The Maltese Falcon would be. I didn’t
understand the plot, and most of the patter went right over my five-year old head, but there
was something about it that captivated me. Oh, I’d gone through the usual childhood phases -
