Page 16

dinosaurs, Robin Hood, space travel - but the hard-boiled PI was a shtick I never grew out of.
Fedoras, trench coats, cigarettes, and bourbon. Scheming dames, shady chumps with names
like Lefty and Rocko, and sinister characters with pencil-thin mustaches and foreign accents.

Now, here I was. Glimpses of the glamour were few and far between, but everyone has their
own delusional fantasy. I selected a Lucky strike from the pack and rolled it gently between
my fingers. I had the look. I had the aptitude. I even had the skills. All I really needed was
some steady employment. And maybe a dame.

After this cup of coffee, I’d get back on the road. I was looking forward to getting the
statuette into the countess’s hands. The retainer she’d given me was almost gone. When she
paid me the rest of the finder’s fee, my first stop would be Louie’s place.

He’d been running me a tab for almost three months and hadn’t said a thing about settling up.
Plus, it was Louie who’d been at least partially responsible for me getting this case in the first
place. I’d been so busy drinking myself into oblivion that I’d let trivial matters slide - my vid-
phone bill, for example. From what I could gather, Louie had tried to call me sometime during
my month-long Festival of Blurred Vision and found out that my vid-phone had been
disconnected. An anonymous payment was made to my account, and like it or not, I was back
in business. Louie professed complete ignorance about the matter, but I knew. It was soon
afterward that the countess had called.

The case was a godsend. After the Colonel’s visit, I’d decided it was time to crawl out of the
gutter. Solitary agonizing and drinking to excess make for good film noir, but there’s no
satisfaction in it without an audience. I’d put the bottle away and put myself in the capable
caring hands of Mr. Coffee. The transfusion took several days to complete, but when it was
over, I was grimly determined and sober, not to mention a little wired.

Despite good intentions, sobering up had its downside. Taking stock of my situation, I’d been
stunned to find that my liquid assets amounted to less than three figures, with my net worth
solidly in the red. To the best of my recollection, I owed two months’ rent, some unjustifiable
alimony to Sylvia, the bar tab to Louie, and several IOUs to Digby, my bookie. I reminded
myself to stop taking betting tips from my personal psychic.

When Countess Renier called and asked if I was available for a job, I was prepared to do
anything up to and including scrubbing public urinals. Well, maybe not public urinals, but I
was desperate. Luckily, the countess’s case turned out to be more than I could have hoped for.

The countess lived in an especially affluent section of the new city, where the mortgage
payments were more than I’d paid for my speeder. I floated down Filmore until I found 2429.
The place looked just like my dream house, only bigger. I landed my speeder, walked to the
front door of the mansion, and rang the doorbell. After a short wait, the door was answered by
a nattily dressed butler who looked like a tall Hume Cronyn and sounded like Katherine
Hepburn after an all-night kegger.

He said I was expected and led me through a pitch dark entryway into a softly lit sitting room
just slightly smaller than a regulation NBA court. Despite an ambient temperature ideally
suited for growing cacti, there was a blazing inferno in a large fireplace on the far side of the
room. The place was sparsely, though expensively, furnished. The butler cleared his throat,
and I noticed a slight movement from a chair by the fire. An older woman sat in an
