Page 17

overstuffed, high-back chair with a shawl around her shoulders and a blanket over her legs.
She motioned for me to come closer. I removed my fedora, more for ventilation than good
manners, and crossed the room. Behind me, the butler excused himself discreetly. I
approached the old woman and extended my hand, which she took limply.

“Thank you for coming, Mr. Murphy. I know you must be very busy this time of year.”

I had no idea what she meant by that. The PI business isn’t seasonal. But I nodded agreeably
and smiled. “It’s my pleasure, Countess Renier.”

The countess released my hand and motioned for me to sit in a chair across from hers. A bead
of sweat ran down the side of my face. I wiped it away as politely as possible. The countess
tucked her hands under the blanket. “I hope this heat isn’t too oppressive for you. I’m afraid I
need to maintain this temperature, otherwise my joints become quite painful.”

The countess gave me just enough time to nod before she continued. Her voice had been as
feeble as her hand-shake, but it suddenly shifted into business mode.

“Your services have been recommended to me by a trusted friend, who prefers to remain
anonymous. Suffice to say that your unique abilities are what I need right now.”

She didn’t waste any time. For an instant I thought about asking her who’d referred me, but I
had a feeling she wouldn’t tell me. “Which of my unique abilities are you referring to?”

The countess didn’t smile. “I’m sure you have many unique abilities. The one I would hire
you for is your knack for locating people and things. I understand that this knack has made
you some friends - and more than a few enemies.”

I crossed my legs nonchalantly. “Well, wasn’t it Roy Rogers who used to say you can’t please
all the people all the time?”

The old woman turned her gaze toward the fire. “It’s good to hear you say that, Mr. Murphy,
because this errand may make you unpopular with some people.”

I studied the countess’s face, trying to guess where this was headed. She stared impassively
into the dancing flames, which threw shadows across her ancient profile.

“What exactly do you mean by unpopular?”

The countess pulled her eyes from the fire and looked back at me intently. “Let me give you
some background information; then you can decide for yourself.”

I nodded as she pulled the shawl closer around her slumped shoulders.

“Some time ago, a family heirloom was stolen from this bungalow. I keep most of my
valuables on my estate in Europe, but on this visit, I brought the item to show to a friend. I
have made extensive inquiries trying to retrieve it, but have found out very little.”

Bungalow. That was rich.
