Page 18

“Pardon my ignorance, Countess, but I’m guessing that you have the resources - cash, I mean
- to buy all the information you need. What makes you think I can help you?”

The old woman didn’t bat an eye. “I don’t, though you shouldn’t take that personally. I have
others working for me on the same matter. My friend recommended you, and I’ve exhausted
every option, without success. I’m afraid you’re something of a last resort.”

I wasn’t certain if I’d been insulted or not. “Referring to me as a last resort could double my
fee.”

The countess sighed, as though the subject of money was distasteful. “I’d already planned on
paying you much more than your usual fee. I’m a wealthy woman, Mr. Murphy. To give you
an idea, the stolen artifact alone is worth more money than most men could earn in ten
lifetimes.”

These jabs were putting me on the defensive. Keeping in mind my destitute circumstances, I
tried to be pleasant. “Well just see about that when I win the Clearing House Sweepstakes.”

“How quaint.” The old woman didn’t seem amused. “Let’s not waste any more time. I need
some work done, and I’ll pay you well for it.”

“In my experience, getting paid well is a relative term.”

The countess’s distaste was now fully apparent. “Is this the way you negotiate your fee for
every job? I find it appalling.”

I shrugged. “I have any number of appalling traits… but I am a good PI.”

She looked at me appraisingly, her eyes squinting slightly. After a few moments, she turned
her gaze back to the fire and spoke.

“If you prove to be as good as you think you are, I will pay you a thirty-thousand-dollar
finder’s fee.”

Thirty thousand clams. Hmmm. That was a lot of seafood - a good bit more than I would have
asked for. “Let me think about it… OK, I’ll do it.”

The countess nodded and turned toward me. “I thought you might. I’ll expect you to focus all
your energies on this. The methods you use to retrieve the artifact are of no interest to me. But
as more time elapses, the less likely it is that the item will be found. For that reason I must
require you to find it and return it to me within ten days. After that, the value of the artifact
will decrease significantly, as will the finder’s fee.”

Ten days wasn’t much time, but this appeared to be a no-lose situation. I nodded to show that
I was following along. The old woman narrowed her gaze. “I should also warn you against
any thoughts of double-crossing me. The statuette is valuable to only an obscure handful of
collectors. If you were to find it and try to sell it on your own, you would certainly fetch less
than the fee I have offered.”
