Page 19

I’d never double-crossed a client, but the countess couldn’t know that, so I didn’t take
offense. “I understand. Now, what exactly am I looking for?”

“The artifact is a statuette made from a rare crystalline substance. It is shaped somewhat in the
form of a bird in flight. It is unmistakable and extremely rare - there is no other piece like it in
the world. It has been in my family for countless generations and, as I said, it is extremely
valuable. There are many collectors who would stop at nothing to own it. Whoever stole the
statuette would likely have gone to the black market and offered it to the highest bidder.”

The countess produced a photograph from under her blanket and handed it to me. It was a
poor-quality print, like a copy of a copy. She wasn’t giving me much of a head start.

“Is there anything else you can tell me? I could use a little more to go on. For starters, do you
have any idea who stole it?”

The countess shook her head impatiently. “No, no. I’ve told you all I can. As I said, I don’t
expect you to succeed in finding the statuette.”

That qualified as a double-dog dare in my book. I stood up, still holding my fedora, eager to
get to work. “I’ll see what I can do. Pleasure to meet you, Countess.”

The old woman looked up at me, no expression on her face.

“I’d prefer that you not contact me until you have the statuette in your possession. I am not
fond of receiving visitors under normal circumstances. But thank you for coming, Mr.
Murphy. My valet will give you a retainer of one thousand dollars on your way out. I assume
that will be enough to get you started. Good-bye.”

I’d gone straight to work, looking up all my old connections in the seamy underbelly of the
city. The countess had said that whoever had stolen the statuette would have gone to the black
market. It sounded logical to me - the buying and selling of hot property was one of Old San
Francisco’s leading enterprises. I was pleasantly surprised to learn that the statuette had been
heard of by even the low-grade parasites, who comprised most of my underworld contacts.

After spending three sleepless days and half of the M note, I met up with a small-time
gangster named Franco Franco, who gave me a fair amount of information in exchange for a
favor to be cashed in later. I wasn’t altogether comfortable with the arrangement, but I had
twenty-nine thousand good reasons not to worry about it at the moment. Franco passed along
a name: Eddie Ching.

I asked around and found that most people experienced a strange form of amnesia when
Ching’s name was mentioned. Luckily, there are plenty of cutthroats willing to do anything
for money. Eventually, I got a lead and followed my nose to Mexico City.

Now here I was sitting pretty with the statuette in the bag and two days to spare.

“You all finished, honey?”

LaDonna had refilled the mug in my hand as stealthily as a pickpocket. My usual limit was
three cups, but it would’ve been a shame to squander such stellar service. I took a sip as
