Page 21

–– CHAPTER FOUR ––

“My God, Murphy. You look like hell.”

With some effort, I pushed myself up from a puddle of drool and slumped back into my chair,
struggling to focus. The Colonel stood across the desk from me, slowly shaking his head. I
hadn’t seen Colonel Roy O’Brien since he’d kicked me out of his detective agency. I’d been
one of his young, star recruits, and he’d been my mentor. I owed a lot of what I knew to him.
We’d parted on bad terms, though, and had avoided each other since.

Fifteen years later, he was standing in my office, unexpected and uninvited, and I was seeing
three of him. The three Colonels had lost the remaining color in their hair and looked a little
thicker through the waist. Their faces had acquired a few dozen additional wrinkles, but the
jaws were still firm and thrust forward. The deep-set blue eyes hadn’t lost any of their
malicious glint, and the acid smiles were every bit as smug and infuriating as I’d remembered
them.

I watched through horribly pulsating eyes and mirage-like waves of nausea as the three old
men merged into one. “You caught me on a bad day. I forgot to take my Flintstones.”

I was slurring, damn it. And probably talking too loud. The Colonel stepped around to where I
was slumped precariously and sat down with one leg up on the desk. “Looks like I caught you
in the middle of a bender.”

“This isn’t a bender. This is nighttime.” Without warning, my chair lurched to the left, forcing
me to grab for my desk and severely disrupting my already impaired equilibrium. With no
small amount of effort, I forced the room to stop spinning and stretched myself. The Colonel’s
proximity wasn’t helping the unsettled feeling in my stomach. Maybe a drink would calm
things down. Two bottles floated around my desk. I guessed right and unscrewed the cap.
“Wanna drink? This stuff isn’t bad once you get used to it.”

The Colonel smiled and looked piously toward the floor, his hands folded serenely on his
thigh. “No thanks, I haven’t had a drink in eight years.” He glanced back up at me, too
quickly. “Yeah, one day I looked in the mirror and decided I needed to make a few lifestyle
changes. Quit drinking, quit smoking. Now I’m looking forward to a nice long retirement on a
tropical island with a tribe of beautiful young women.”

It wasn’t an attractive mental image, but everyone has a dream. He chortled and rubbed his
hands together.

“Enough about me, Tex. Tell me about you. How’s everything going? Bad as it looks?”

I steadied myself as conversationally as possible. “Depends. What is today? Saturday? Oh,
Saturdays aren’t too bad. I don’t get really suicidal till about Thursday afternoon.”

I poured about seven fingers of bourbon in the general direction of my glass, then attempted
to fix a pointed stare at the Colonel. “So, was there something you wanted? Or did you just
come by to sprinkle a little salt into the open wounds of my pathetic life?”
