Page 22

The Colonel chuckled insincerely. “Now why would I want to do a thing like that, Tex? Just
because you ratted on me, got me suspended, humiliated me in front of peers - you sold me
out, you son-of-a-bitch!”

His eyes burning through me, the Colonel paused to run a hand through his white, still-thick
hair. It was a mannerism he’d always used when he was agitated. He stood and walked away,
a hand massaging the back of his neck. After a moment he turned back to face me and,
slowly, the smug grin reappeared.

“Of course, that’s all in the past. I quit hating you for it weeks ago. Naturally, I got reinstated
and everything worked out fine.”

“Glad to hear it.” I took an unnecessary slug from my glass and wiped my mouth on the back
of my sleeve. The Colonel smirked and returned to his perch on the corner of me desk.

“So what happened? I heard you were doing pretty well there for awhile. Solved a couple of
decent cases. What’s your problem? Are you one of those people who can’t live with
success?”

I leaned into my left armrest, away from the old man, and rubbed my eyes with the thumb and
forefinger of my left hand. “Oh, living with it isn’t the problem. I just can’t commit to
anything long-term.”

The Colonel didn’t respond immediately. I looked up at him and saw the priggish look on his
face. It made me angry, and the paint thinner coursing through my veins didn’t help. I leaned
forward and stuck a finger at him. “You know what I was fifteen years ago? I was a stupid,
idealistic kid! If you weren’t such a bastard, you could have tried to understand why I did
what I did. I mean, now…now I understand that I was out of line, but it was just an innocent,
stupid mistake. You didn’t have to cut me off!”

The Colonel leaned down and stuck a gnarled finger back into my face.

“Yes I did! Because apparently you never learned the first rule of a PI: never, ever betray your
friends! Friendship goes beyond blood or genetics or politics. You find out who your friends
are, then you hold onto ‘em! They’re a precious commodity to people like me and you.”

With one last piercing stare, the Colonel stood up. He crossed the room, then paused at the
door. “You’re too good to end up like this, Tex. You’ve got no excuse.”

He opened the door. “I’ll send you a postcard.”

*

The door slammed shut, and I was no longer in my office. I was in a dark place, lying down, a
dull ache lurking somewhere close by. I’d been dreaming about the Colonel - or was I
remembering a conversation that had actually happened? I couldn’t be sure. My mind was out
of focus, and an unpleasant odor was making it hard to concentrate. What was that smell?
Vaguely familiar…nauseating…claustrophobic. In my mind’s eye, I saw my Great-Aunt
Gertie, who’d been dead for thirty years, I began to hear soft footsteps and low voices.
