Page 23

Somewhere nearby, I heard a harsh female voice accusing someone of sleeping with her
sister. A deep, testosterone-laced voice denied everything. I tried to open my eyes, but it hurt.
From the back of my skull, a steady pounding gradually accelerated. My eyeballs felt as
though they were swelling up. With a mighty effort, I opened my eyelids.

Everything was white. I tried to move my head, but it didn’t want to. The female voice was
now accusing the man of sleeping with her grandmother. The voice was coming from above
me and to the left. The stench in the air was almost unbearable. Suddenly, a woman’s face
appeared in front of the white backdrop. The face was long and thin, not unattractive, but
haggard. The eyes looked down at me compassionately, and the narrow lips gave way to two
sets of uneven, gray teeth.

“Hello there.”

I tried to respond, but nothing came out. My mouth, I realized, was parched, and my lips felt
dry and brittle.

“I’ll bet you’re thirsty, huh?”

The woman’s face disappeared, then reappeared behind a light blue plastic cup. As the water
hit my tongue, my swallowing mechanism failed to respond, and I lurched into a coughing fit,
which amplified the pounding in my head. After a few seconds, we tried again, and this time
the water went down without incident. The woman vanished, and I began to wonder where I
was - a POW camp, a lunatic asylum, or worse. Maybe some good Samaritan had carried me
from my office and checked me into a detox center. I tried to get my bearings. The last thing I
could remember was LaDonna. Or had it all been a rot gut-induced hallucination?

A man’s face appeared above me. I strained me eyeballs down a saw a clipboard tucked under
his arm and a stethoscope around his neck. It all made sense now. The smell, the vision of
Great-Aunt Gertie. I hadn’t been in a hospital for years.

“Hi there. I’m Dr. Berry, and this is Nurse Chase.”

I had to take his word for it. She was out of my peripheral vision.

“How’s the head? You’ve got quite a little bump back there.”

Ah…a master of understatement. It felt like I was sleeping on a baseball. Abruptly, I
remembered being jumped in the parking lot of the Post-Nuclear Café. I felt a hand on my
wrist. The doctor was checking my pulse.

“Fine, just fine.” He looked back down at me. “Your injury was quite serious. You were
unconscious for almost two full days.”

I licked my arid lips and croaked, “Where am I?”

The doctor was looking at his watch. “Brownsville Regional Hospital. The police brought you
in. Apparently, someone attacked you. They didn’t tell us anything else. On behalf of the
town, I’d like to apologize. In general, you’ll find us to be good-hearted, law-abiding
citizens.”
