Page 24

I was still trying to grasp what had happened. Then a horrible thought occurred to me.
“Where’s my backpack?”

The doctor shrugged and glanced in the direction of the nurse. “I didn’t see a backpack, did
you? No, I don’t think so. There’s a new Z-Mart down on Main Street. I’ll bet you can pick
up a new one there. And their prices are generally quite a bit lower than you might expect.”

Damn it. I closed my eyes and tried to think. Who would’ve jumped me? I was almost certain
I hadn’t been followed from Mexico City. Maybe it’d just been some drunken drifter,
obliterated by a fifth of Cuervo, looking to hit someone. Or it could’ve been some rowdy local
teen, rolling an unsuspecting out-of-towner for beer money. I was actually hopeful that
whoever had hit me had been after my wallet. Maybe the statuette was still back in the
parking lot and had been picked up by someone at the diner. If it was gone - I looked down at
my wrist, still pulsating under the doctor’s fingers. There was my watch. It was no Rolex - in
fact, it was a cheap piece of crap that only worked under certain climatic conditions. But if I’d
been the victim of a simple robbery, they would’ve taken it. Damn.

After the doctor finished checking my vital signs, the nurse gave me a pill the size of a Ping-
Pong ball. Several minutes later, everything went into soft focus, and the pain in my skull
receded. I struggled onto my elbows and sat up against the metal headboard. Now what? If the
statuette was gone, I was screwed. Maybe the police had picked it up. Maybe.

I spent the next four hours in medical limbo. Despite my obvious desire to leave, the doctor
and nurse were hesitant. Apparently, they felt the medication they’d given me could have
antisocial effects. I told them that keeping me locked up could result in violent seizures, but
the nurse brandished a hypodermic and held me at bay throughout the afternoon.

Resigned to waiting, I reached for the TV remote. I didn’t have an idiot box in my office, and
I hadn’t intentionally watched television since Nickelodeon had replaced Ren and Stimpy
with Three’s Company. As I surfed restlessly, special news reports kept popping up with
earnest-looking correspondents describing a bombing in Los Angeles. There was nothing
especially newsworthy about a bombing, especially in LA, but this one had obliterated
CAPRICORN headquarters. I’d heard about CAPRICORN, but had always been under the
impression that it was just another left-wing agency, concerned with suing the NRA and
making frantic speeches laced with sound bites and peppered with alliteration.

The reports were informative. I knew, of course, that relations between Mutants and Norms
had become more and more strained over the past year. I also knew a little about the Crusade
for Genetic Purity, which had grown from a radical right-wing rec room full of anti-Mutant
extremists into a mainstream organization with lobbyists, PR people, and a shiny, new
temple-esque structure in downtown Phoenix.

According to reports, Norms were flocking to the crusade, which held the belief that Mutants
were subhuman and were polluting the world’s gene pool with faulty genetics. Some of the
most admired minds in the world had affiliated themselves with the crusade and were backing
what they called a eugenics movement, which seemed to involve classifying people by their
genetic makeup.

The reports went on to say that, recently, CAPRICORN had officially joined the Mutant
League in countering the growing power and influence of the Crusade for Genetic Purity. The
