Page 25

media usually depicted the crusade in a dubious light, hinting that it had been behind the
bombing and subtly accusing the crusade’s leaders with backhanded compliments and
innuendo.

One news show went into detail about the president of the Crusade, the Reverend Claude
Sheppard. Apparently, the good Reverend had a somewhat checkered and mysterious past.
The program also described the process of initiation for joining the crusade and told how
aspiring members had to pass a genetic screening. Once accepted, members advanced through
a series of sixteen levels of indoctrination. Eventually, they could reach the ultimate stage of
enlightenment, at which point they were invited onto the Moon Child, an orbiting resort
station for the spiritually elite. On the Moon Child, members would undergo the final rites,
which would result in them receiving the Good Housekeeping Pure stamp of approval.

I’d never taken a gene screen, as they called it, but I knew I was a Norm, though I’d never
considered it an issue. I made my home in a primarily Mutant section of the Old City, and
most of my friends were Mutants. The whole thing seemed ridiculous to me. Back when my
grandfather was growing up, people were still discriminating on the basis of race. It seemed
strange to think about, but there had actually been a time when people of color were forced to
use separate facilities and were banned from certain places. Now, here was a racially mixed
organization picking on a different group because its genetic structure wasn’t the same. In my
mind, it was just another playground scenario gone bad in the hands of adults.

And as far as I was concerned, the Crusade for Genetic Purity wasn’t any different than the
hundreds of other hate groups that had come before it. The KKK, the Nazis’ Final Solution,
South African Apartheid, Bosnian Ethnic Cleansing, the West Coast Gang Wars, the Asian
Scouring, the African Tribal Siege, the Middle Eastern Alliance.

In every case, the destructive movement had been suppressed. After World War III, everyone
looked around at what they’d done and seemed to decide that we were down to our last
thread. Then came the post-war generation, and “Mutant” became a new check box on the
census form. Originally, it was used to classify war veterans for benefit purposes. Then came
the second generation, and the children of the Mutants were born into the same classification.
Now, at the start of the third generation, when the Mutants were beginning to make up a
substantial portion of the population, genetic discrimination had started to rear its ugly head.

It wasn’t something I planned on getting worked up about, but I hoped that the crusade would,
like its predecessors, take its fifteen minutes, then disappear. But I sensed that this time, it was
different. To a lot of people, Mutants represented something bad, the visible evidence of
man’s stupidity and mortality. They were society’s scar tissue.

The afternoon came and went, and the pounding in my head slowly changed from a
sledgehammer to a hard rubber mallet. The sun was about to call it a night when the nurse
came in with my clothes and announced that I could leave. I got dressed and found my wallet
untouched-ed in my back trouser pocket. That was a bad sign. Whoever had jumped me
hadn’t been interested in taking my cash. I didn’t have much hope that I’d find my backpack.

When I checked out, I gave the desk nurse my address and told her to mail me the hospital
bill. It was going to make a nice addition to my collection. Eventually, I hoped to have unpaid
bills from all fifty states and Puerto Rico.
