Page 26

I called the police from the hospital. They picked me up and took me back to my speeder. My
backpack was gone - the countess’s statuette and twenty-nine thousand dollars with it. I gave
the police the information they needed to fill out a report, but it was useless. They had already
interviewed the people in the diner, and no one had seen anything. I spent a couple of hours
checking around on my own, but it was as if the incident had never happened. No one had
seen or heard anything. If it had happened in my town, I would’ve had connections to consult
and a grapevine to listen in on. Here in Brownsville, I had squat. There was nothing left to do
but fly home.

*

I reached New San Francisco with mixed feelings. It was something of a relief to be home,
but my head was pounding and my stomach was tied up in knots. I wasn’t sure if I should tell
the countess that her statuette had been stolen a second time, but I’d tell her what happened
and maybe she could get a Brownsville flatfoot to pick up the trail. I began rehearsing my
pitch, how the whole miserable experience had cost me most of my retainer and that I’d
appreciate it if she’d at least compensate me for time spent and bodily injury. Once again, I
had ignored the credo of smart business: Get it in writing.

It was after midnight when I landed my speeder in front of 2429 Filmore. The neighborhood
was dark and quiet. Before leaving the speeder, I paused. Maybe it would be better to come
by first thing in the morning. No, I wanted to resolve this situation as soon as possible.

As I walked to the door, I passed a Century 22 For Sale sign planted in the front lawn. An
unpleasant tingling went down my spine. I climbed the front steps and rang the doorbell. After
the third ring, I moved to one of the front windows and peered in. It was pitch black inside,
but from what I could make out, the room appeared to be absolutely empty. I checked all the
entrances and finally had to break a window at the back of the house to get inside. The power
was off. Using my Zippo as a tiny torch, I walked through the mansion.

It was completely cleaned out. With the exception of some cardboard boxes and several small
potted plants, there was nothing…until I reached the sitting room, where I’d met the countess
a week before. Everything was the same as it had been. I walked to the fireplace and touched
the ashes. They were cold. Week-old cold. I’d been set up.
