Page 27

–– CHAPTER FIVE ––

I woke up after a brief twelve hours, feeling sore and unrested. Being grifted always had that
effect on me. I stumbled into the shower and tried to think. The hot water pounding on the
back of my neck jump-started my brain, but didn’t help me come up with any answers. The
countess had obviously been phony. I hadn’t thought about it at the time, but I should’ve
suspected something when her photo of the statuette was clearly a bad copy. I suppose I’d
been too eager for the case to ask myself any bubble-popping questions. A clear violation of
the PI Rules.

I stepped out of the shower and dried off. The effects of my shower massager started to fade,
and I took a painful inventory of my wounds. My back was still sore from the landing outside
the Dulce Vida, my head felt like it was hosting some kind of aneurysm tournament, and my
backside was sore from the long flight home. On the brighter side, I’d smoked less than a
pack over the past eight days. My lungs and sinuses were in the pink.

After I got dressed, I fired up the coffee machine and walked to the door. On the floor, under
the mail slot, was about a week’s worth of mail. I’d been too tired to deal with it the night
before. I gathered up the pile, crossed the warped hardwood floor, and flopped into the chair
behind my cluttered desk. Pushing aside a pile of legal pads and assorted note scraps, I tapped
the envelopes into order like an oversized deck of cards and started shuffling through the bills.

On top of the pile was a handwritten, practically illiterate, and nearly unintelligible note from
my landlord, Nilo. In King’s English, it essentially read: Pay the rent or go find another dump
to live in. This was Nilo’s official pre-eviction notice. I’d been expecting it, which is why I
parked my speeder by Louie’s café and taken the back-alley route to my office. The longer
Nilo didn’t know I was home, the more time I could buy before having to smell his pig-feet-
and-pork-rind breath as he told me what would happen if I didn’t fork over some cash.

Of course, any reputable place would’ve booted me out weeks ago. Luckily, Nilo had a hard
time holding onto tenants. Not that he was the slightest bit compassionate or flexible
regarding payment arrangements. He was merciless in his pursuit of back rent and took every
available opportunity to extort it from me. Countless times I’d tried to explain to him the
nature of freelance work, how when it rained, it poured. I also tried to make it clear that, for
the moment, I was too broke to pay attention and that he couldn’t get blood from a stone.
Unfortunately, analogies were lost on Nilo. He’d stare at me stupidly, muttering a seemingly
random mix of threats and obscenities, and go back to ogling his porno mags.

I decided that rent was in the lower third of my list of priorities and turned my attention back
to the pieces of mail. The second item was from the Zebra Speeder Finance Corporation. I
knew what they wanted. Unfortunately, I didn’t have it. With any luck, their repo man
wouldn’t stop by until I’d manage to get a case that actually paid off. The third bill was from
West Coast Bell. Even without any long-distance charges, the amount due seemed
unreasonable. Next in line was an application for a Master Express credit card. I’d have been
tempted to send it in if it weren’t for that annoying disclaimer: subject to credit approval. My
credit rating had gone bad about the same time as the cartilage in my right knee and my hopes
of playing first base for the Red Sox.

I continued on through an ad for a dating service, a form requesting a donation to the Humane
Society, and a coupon booklet featuring discounts on dry cleaning and Et Tu Brute pizza. It
