Page 28

wasn’t until I reached the bottom of the pile that I found anything of interest. First, there was
another credit card application, this one for the Radioactive Shack. What made it different
was the word Pre-approved stamped on the form. I’d never really thought much of
Radioactive Shack, but they’d recently opened an outlet (no pun intended) just down the
street, which made it convenient. Besides, I’d always wondered what it would be like to
charge something. I decided I might give it a try and stuck the form into my desk drawer.

The final envelope wasn’t a bill or junk mail. My name and address were handwritten in block
letters. There was no return address. It had been postmarked at the downtown USPS office on
November 30, exactly one week earlier. I crushed the last inch of my Lucky Strike into an
ashtray and tore open the letter. Inside was a blue card, the size of a standard index card. On
one side, the anonymous correspondent had written BXK+A261184. I turned the card over.
There was nothing written on the back. There was nothing else in the envelope.

I wouldn’t be in analyzing mode for several more hours. I set the blue card aside. There were
other, more pressing things on my mind. Coffee, for one. I poured myself some instant
breakfast and walked to one of the windows that looked out over majestic Chandler Avenue.

Chelsee Bando was chatting with a stocky, middle-aged gent at her newsstand. Even from
three stories up, I could almost smell her perfume, and primal urges stirred within me, like a
den of bears around Easter. It had been a long time since I’d performed the forbidden dance of
love, but that wasn’t the only reason Chelsee made my toes curl. Of course, looking at her
was like holding an AA meeting at a bar. I’d sworn off women - they were worse than
alcohol. Maybe they wouldn’t kill your liver, but they’d done one hell of a job on most of my
other organs.

I sipped the java and looked around the rest of the street. Things were pretty dead, as usual.
The only unusual thing I saw was a police speeder parked toward the end of the block. It was
unmarked, but it might as well have had C-O-P-S painted on the hood in canary yellow. There
was only one guy inside, slumped in the passenger seat, eyes closed and mouth open.

The man talking to Chelsee left the newsstand and walked toward the cop speeder, holding
two Styrofoam cups and a bulging bag. What were the cops doing on a stakeout in our sleepy
little neighborhood? I’d been accused of taking too many things personally, and this was no
exception. I moved away from the window and returned to my desk.

Over a second cup of Joe, I wondered what the chances were of me being the target. I tried to
think what I could possibly have done to piss of the SFPD. Except for the job in Mexico City,
the most interesting thing I’d done since sobering up was experimenting with a tartar control
gel. Everything before that was a bit blurry, but I couldn’t remember doing anything illegal.
Despite being reasonably sure I wasn’t in trouble, I decided to keep a low profile.

My first priority was to find out who’d set me up. I’d never enjoyed being played for a sap,
and I was about to get a hospital bill that I had no intention of paying. Besides, there were no
messages on my vid-phone, no cases lined up, and I was determined not to fall back into a life
of sloth and slobbering.

A good place to start would be the Century 22 real estate agency. I’d jotted down the number
from the For Sale sign at the countess’s “bungalow.” I punched in the number on my vid-
