Page 29

phone. After three rings, a handsome black woman with large, shiny eyes and a perfect, easy
smile answered.

We chattered for several minutes about 2429 Filmore. Kaitlyn Abbot, the real estate agent,
told me that the house had been owned by an older woman named Mrs. Greenburg, but that
she’d passed away some time ago. Mrs. Greenburg’s two children, both of whom lived out of
state, had decided to sell the house. Mrs. Abbot went on to say that the place had been
unoccupied for at least six months.

After I disconnected, I mulled over the fact that the mansion had supposedly been vacant for
months. Countess Renier, if that was her real name, had certainly shown a bold streak by
staging her ruse in the empty house. I had to admire the audacity. Unfortunately, that didn’t
take the sting out of being used like a Kleenex. If I’d been a realist, I might have filed the
whole episode under Learning Experiences, but I’d never been accused of being a realist.
Besides, I had nothing else to do. The question was, where to begin? The mansion was all I
had to work with. Maybe the imposter countess had left something traceable behind. I decided
to make a return trip.

A light acid rain was falling as I left the office and hurried to my speeder, carefully
sidestepping the street’s minefield of oily pools. I was sporting my good Dexter wing tips and
always tried to keep them safe from inclement weather and low pH puddles. Inside the
speeder, I lifted off and headed toward Pacific Heights.

I parked several houses away from 2429 and made my way to the back of the mansion
without being seen. I entered the “bungalow” and spent the next hour going through the
sitting room, looking for anything that might give me a lead. The high point of my search was
finding a full ashtray. The cigarettes were marked with a symbol I’d never seen before.

I poured some of the cigarette butts into an envelope I found in my overcoat pocket, then left
the residence and stealthily made my way back to the speeder. Maybe a tobacconist could
identify the brand of cigarettes. It wasn’t the greatest lead in the world, but it might be just
slightly better than nothing.

I lifted off and flew several blocks, until I reached a convenience store with pay phones out
front. Jumping out of the idling speeder, I jogged through the misty downpour. At the pay
phone, I inserted a dollar bill, and the directory menu appeared on-screen. I accessed the
listing for tobacconist shops and decided to start at the Cigar Bar, since it had the catchiest
name, as well as being the closest to my present location.

I was about to return to the warmth of my speeder when a thought struck me. I knew that
tracking someone down by way of their preferred brand of cigarette is desperate at best, but I
didn’t have anything else to go on. What I really needed was a crack team of investigators to
go through the phony countess’s sitting room. With a staff of fully trained professionals,
experienced in fingerprinting, collecting DNA samples, and analyzing microscopic fibers,
maybe something would turn up. And I had connections in the San Francisco Police
Department.

Unfortunately, I’d seen them at work often enough to decide they were mostly a bunch of
knuckleheads. Their ringleader, Lieutenant Mac Malden, was an old acquaintance. I pulled
out another dollar bill, fed it into the machine, and entered the number for the downtown
