Page 30

precinct. Inferior help was better than no help at all. I also made a mental note to ask Mac if
he knew anything about the unmarked speeder on Chandler Avenue.

Malden wasn’t in his office, so I left a brief message on his voice mail, asking him to call me
at my office at his earliest convenience. I disconnected and returned to my speeder, then flew
through a heavy downpour to the Cigar Bar. It turned out to be a rustic hole in the wall down
by the Wharf. When I stepped inside, the smell of fresh tobacco reached out and embraced me
like an old lover. The interior of the shop was long and slender and brown, appropriately
enough. Sets of display cases faced each other down the length of the store. The hardwood
floor was marinated in the blended aromas of cherry, vanilla and Cuban leaf.

I walked down the left side of the shop, inspecting the wares. Case after case was filled with
handsome wooden boxes teeming with Cubans, Hemingways, and Ashtons. The shelves
above were full of cigar cutters, vintage lighters, cigarette cases, and other smoking
accouterments. I turned toward the right wall and its selection of hundreds of pipes. There was
also a substantial magazine section containing every periodical published for the patrons of
the disappearing art of smoking. It was heavenly. If I’d had the money, I could’ve spent the
entire day here, smoking myself into a stupor.

Behind the long counter (and a cloud of smoke), a small, bony man with a bad toupee was
ladling rough-cut tobacco from a large glass jar into a small plastic bag. He looked up at me,
and his leathery face crinkled into a crooked grin around a neatly hand-rolled cigarette.

“Afternoon.”

I pulled the pack of Luckies from my overcoat pocket and walked to the counter. The man
stopped ladling and extended a lighter. I leaned over until the tip of my cigarette touched the
flame, then straightened up, releasing a long stream of smoke. The leathery man looked me
over approvingly.

“Baby Luckies. Don’t see many people smoking’ those these days. Not really enough. Looks
fine on you, though. Compliments the get-up nicely. You know, I gotta fedora like that.
Pricey. Not really the style, but like I say, quality never goes out of fashion. Am I right? You
bet I am.”

He glanced over the counter. “Wing tips, too. Nice touch. There ya go again…quality. These
days, I dunno, businessman types wearing this new footwear - what do they call it? - active
dress shoes, or something’ like that. Who are they kiddin’? Sneakers are sneakers. Now those
wing tips of yers, that’s a shoe. Am I right? Sure I am.”

He took a quick drag from his smoke, then extended his hand. “Sorry if I’m talking yer ear
off. Name’s Gabby. Not my real name, of course, but my friends call me that, and anyone
who smokes Luckies is a friend in my book, sight unseen.”

We shook with our free hands. “My name’s Murphy. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Gabby.”

Gabby stubbed out his smoke and returned to ladling. “Murphy, eh? Good, solid name. Suits
ya. So, what can I do for ya, Murphy? Pack of Luckies?”

“Sure.”
