Page 31

Gabby turned and stood on his tippy toes to reach a pack of smokes. He rang it up, and I
handed him a fin. He forked over my change and smiled. “Anything else I can getcha?”

“Actually, there is. Could you look at something for me?” I pulled the envelope from my coat
pocket and passed it over the counter. Gabby picked it up and took out one of the cigarette
butts. He looked it over carefully, then put it back into the envelope.

“Gitanes Specials. French cigarettes. Not bad…a little on the harsh side.”

I replaced the envelope in my pocket. “Do you sell a lot of these? I’m trying to find someone,
and all I know about them is they smoke Gitanes Specials.”

Gabby didn’t reply for a moment and busied himself with expertly rolling another cigarette.
After he’d run his tongue across the Zig-Zag paper and sealed it, he looked back up at me.
“You a gumshoe?”

I nodded.

“That’s kinda what I figured. When you walked in, I thought to myself, this guy looks like he
stepped right out of that Bob Mitchum movie…what’s it called… Farewell, My Lovely. Not
like a costume or anything, just got the feel, if ya know what I mean.”

I was pleased and didn’t mind saying so. “I know what you mean. It’s an image thing. Good
for business. And I also happen to prefer the style. I guess I’m just old fashioned.”

Gabby lit his smoke. “Nothin’ wrong with that. No, sir. Like I say, just because it’s new don’t
mean it’s better. People these days just don’t know the meanin’ of style. Now you take yer
Bill Powells, yer Don Ameches - those guys knew how to dress. Yessir. Nothin’ wrong with a
sharp fedora and a shiny pair of wing tips.”

He took another short drag. “But I’m getting’ off the beaten path. So, yer a PI, and yer
looking’ for whoever smoked those Gitanes. Well, I can tell ya a couple of things. First, I
don’t got ‘em here in my shop, and that means they ain’t real easy to find…unless you live in
France, that is. I don’t stock ‘em because they don’t sell like yer Marlboros or even yer
Dunhills. If I was you, I’d be looking for someone French, or someone who mighta been to
France in recent memory. Sorry I can’t help ya more than that.”

I left the shop a little disappointed but not surprised. The woman I was looking for (or maybe
the man who’d posed as the butler) might have been French or visited France, and that meant
my list of suspects had narrowed down from hundreds of millions to tens of millions. Maybe
Malden and his boys would find something at the mansion, but even in the unlikely case they
did, that wouldn’t happen for awhile. I had only one other lead to pursue. Back in the speeder,
I set course for Lowell Percival Enterprises.
