Page 32

–– CHAPTER SIX ––

The Lowell Percival Enterprises building protruded from the chest of downtown New San
Francisco like a massive piece of shrapnel. The structure was composed primarily of steel and
tinted glass and avoided using right angles wherever possible. Critics hailed it as the premier
example of the new neo-anarchic form of architecture. I’d always thought it looked like what
you’d expect to get if you gave a couple of ten-year-old kids fifty million dollars to build a
clubhouse.

I could’ve called instead of making the trip to LPE, but people like Percival are inevitably
surrounded by concentric rings of red tape-spewing personnel. I figured I had a better chance
to get an audience by going in person. I’d never been inside the LPE building, but I’d met the
man it was named after. It had been years ago, in the Martian colonies. I was working on a big
case, and a number of unusual circumstances resulted in me doing a modestly unethical errand
for Percival. Now, another technically illegal operation was prompting me to renew our
acquaintance. The fact that his name had been on the list in Eddie Ching’s apartment might
have been meaningless and unrelated to the countess and the statuette, but I felt it was worth
looking into.

I parked my speeder and walked to the irregularly shaped revolving doors. When I came out
the other side, I stepped into a militarized zone. The security check would’ve made a
proctologist proud. Feeling violated and slightly tender, I made my way to the large directory
in the center of the vast foyer.

After consulting the directory, I crossed to a set of four elevators and waited patiently with six
or seven executive types. My worn overcoat and unorthodox tie made me stand out like a
rodeo clown at midnight mass, and several corporate sharks looked me over distastefully. One
of the elevators opened up, and we climbed aboard. When I reached out and pressed the
button for the fifty-first floor, I noticed several pairs of eyes widen.

After two stops, I was alone in the lift and continued my ascent in peace. The doors slid open,
and I stepped out into a lavishly furnished hallway. I turned right and walked several hundred
yards to a receptionist’s station. A beautiful woman in her mid-twenties sat behind the desk
and looked up as I approached. Her voice was low and silky. “Can I help you?”

I removed my fedora. “Yes, ma’am. Is Mr. Percival in?”

“I’m sorry, Mr. Percival won’t be in the office for several days. And he usually prefers that
visitors make appointments.”

“OK. Could I make an appointment?”

“What is this concerning?”

I smiled apologetically. “A personal matter.”

The young woman returned the smile and looked at me as if she were trying to place my face.
“Why don’t you leave your business card, and I’ll pass it along to Mr. Percival when he gets
back.”
