Page 33

I made the pretense of checking my pockets, knowing full well that I’d run out of business
cards. “I don’t think I brought one with me. Could you just take down my name and number?
The name’s Murphy.”

The gorgeous woman smiled up at me, a clear look of recognition registering on her face.
“Tex?”

I was caught off-guard.

“Tex Murphy?”

“Uh…yes. Have we met?”

The young woman extended her hand. It was soft and cool, just the way I liked it. We shook
hands, and she didn’t let go. “Alaynah. Alaynah Moore. I knew you looked familiar.”

I tried to place the name…desperately. I wished with all my heart that I could remember
where we’d met. Studying her face, I decided she did look vaguely familiar, but that was
about it. “I’m very, very sorry, but I’m not sure where I know you from. It’s my darn short-
term memory. Shot to hell.”

Alaynah laughed and released my hand. “It has been awhile. You used to go out with my
sister Deborah.”

Oh my God. Debbie Moore. Daughter of Satan. No wonder I hadn’t remembered. It’d taken
months of therapy to suppress the memory.

“So you’re little Ally Moore? I find that hard to believe. In fact, I don’t believe it. I think
you’re lying.”

Alaynah laughed again. Her smile was dazzling.

“I see you got your braces off.”

“About eight years ago. In case you haven’t noticed, I’m all grown up now.”

Oh, I noticed, all right. She was wearing a black blazer over a charcoal knit shirt that fit like a
coat of paint. Her complexion was flawless, and her features had come together nicely. Long,
wavy brown hair lay silkily over her shoulders. Alaynah didn’t help things when she leaned
forward and lowered her voice.

“You know, I used to have quite a crush on you.”

I felt a strong urge that made me feel ever so slightly dirty. I tried to contain myself by
changing the subject. “Speaking of crushed, how’s Debbie?”

“She got married a few years ago and moved to Seattle.”

Alaynah didn’t seem to want the subject changed. “How about you, Tex? You married?”
