Page 34

I shook my head enthusiastically. “Not anymore, thank God. And never again. I’ve been
burned a few too many times, which brings us back to your sister. She was a real
flamethrower.”

Alaynah fixed her eyes on me like no receptionist had ever done before. “I’m not Debbie.”

No she wasn’t. Unfortunately, I had a dual image blurring my vision. I kept seeing a gangly
teenager with braces and a knack for showing up at inappropriate times. Of course, that was a
long time ago. And maybe I was just imagining that she was coming on to me. “Are you
coming on to me, Alaynah?”

She gave me one of those looks that would peel paint. “I think you’ve been single too long.
Why don’t you buy me a drink, and I’ll see what I can do about knocking some of the rust
off.”

If she only knew how rusty I was. I hadn’t had an offer like that in a month of Sundays. It just
didn’t feel.. proper. Of course, there were certainly ways to get around that. Alcohol sprang to
mind. If I’d had the cash, I would’ve jumped on her invitation like a bum on a box of
chocolate. As it was, the only thing I could afford to buy was time, after which I’d go back to
my office and see if I’d overlooked anything worth hocking.

“Tell you what. I’m tied up at the moment, but I promise I’ll get back to you soon.”

Alaynah trumped me. “I’m buying.”

I suspected that Alaynah’s persistence came from some long-nurtured, post-pubescent
fantasy, or possibly sibling envy. Motivations not withstanding, the opportunity was too ripe
to pass up. Not only was a stunning woman asking me out, but she was volunteering to foot
the bill. And she was just the person to help me get in to see Percival.

“All right. I’ll let you buy me a drink, as long as you promise you won’t get me all liquored
up and expect me to put out.”

Alaynah raised an eyebrow. “I promise.”

*

Alaynah got someone to cover the remainder of the afternoon for her. The special treatment
was unexpected, but a welcome disruption of the routine. Twenty minutes later, we walked
into Lindsay’s, a piano bar on the top floor of the downtown Hilton, which my escort said was
her favorite. It was a swanky joint, where people like me would have to choose between an
evening of cocktails and paying rent. The first thing that caught my attention was the sight of
Nat King Cole at the piano. It was a holographic projection, but convincing enough to give
me chills.

As it turned out, not only was this Alaynah’s favorite watering hole, but she also had a
favorite table, waiter, and beverage. It took out a lot of the usual guesswork, and since it was
her party, I was just happy to tag along. Our table sat close to a window offering a majestic
view over the heart of the metropolis, which probably figured heavily into the price of the
drinks.
