Page 35

Fat drops of rain ran down the window. In the distance, a brief flash of ruddy sunshine broke
through the drizzling sky, like a flare from a sinking ship, and its last gasps played across
Alaynah’s face like firelight. To avoid staring, I picked up a menu. The first item I noticed
was foie gras. Oh, great. Vegetarian food. I decided to stick with liquor.

Alaynah smiled at me over the top of her menu as the waiter appeared and asked what we
wanted. My escort ordered a white wine spritzer and something French. I wanted to make a
good impression and ordered a scotch. When the waiter left, Alaynah fixed her gaze on me.

“A few wrinkles around the eyes…not quite so thin…for the most part, you haven’t changed
much at all. That’s a compliment, by the way.”

I glanced down at my rumpled overcoat and askew tie. I didn’t look good at all. Of course,
love is blind, and so, apparently, is pure, wanton lust. I felt like a sex object, and I liked it.
“Well, I’ve tried to take care of myself. I eat right, exercise, and take Geritol every day.”

Alaynah giggled. I suspected that she would be fun to tickle. She leaned forward, elbows on
the table and chin resting on her hands. “So…tell me what you’ve been up to all these years.”

I shrugged. “Not much. Work. I got married and divorced. No kids. That’s about it. Nothing
exciting.”

Alaynah looked at me dubiously. “I find that hard to believe. What kind of work?”

“I’m a private investigator.”

My date flashed me another smoldering look. “What a coincidence. I’ve been looking for a
good private investigator.”

“No kidding.”

Alaynah nodded playfully. “If you’re any good, I have a little something I’d like you to take a
look at.”

She wasn’t very subtle, but she certainly had grown up. A part of me was quickly forgetting
the image of her as a gangly teenager. Unfortunately, that particular part of me was the one
that usually got me into trouble.

Like she was reading my mind. Alaynah sat back in her chair, a perfect picture of posture.
She’d either shelled out for surgery or had blessed genes. “So what does a PI do for fun?”

I felt like a little kid trying to stay awake - my eyes kept drifting down and snapping back up
to her face. She might not have minded, but I was still trying to handle this situation with a bit
of decorum. And don’t forget, I told myself, you hate women. With some effort, I focused on
her eyes.

“Oh, the usual…long walks in the rain…playing with puppies…badminton.”
