Page 36

Our waiter arrived and deposited our drinks with a flourish. We raised our glasses, and
Alaynah volunteered a toast. “To old acquaintances and new experiences.” I nodded and we
drank. Things were looking much too promising.

“Tell me, what’s it like to work for the richest man in the world?”

Alaynah shrugged. “It pays well. I’m actually planning on going back to school, maybe get a
doctorate.”

“Really. What do you want to be when you grow up?”

“I haven’t decided. I think it might be fun to teach. Probably history. It’s always interested
me.” Alaynah took another sip. “So, what do you want to be when you grow up?”

“I’m pretty much locked into the PI gig. This fedora was an occupational investment.”

“OK, if you weren’t a PI, what would you want to be?”

I considered. “A philanthropist.”

Alaynah’s face lit up and, for a moment, I was again reminded of little Ally Moore. I glanced
down briefly, and the image evaporated. Alaynah flipped her hair back and raised her glass
again. “Here’s to us both being happy and getting rich.”

It was a worthy toast, but I wasn’t going to hold my breath. I took a long drink of scotch. It
was silky smooth, with a peaty nose and a long, oaky finish. Between the scotch and the
company, I was happy for the time being.

Alaynah set her glass down and glanced away. When she turned back, an expression of
disgust was on her face. She leaned forward and whispered, “Who let the goyles in here?”

I turned to see a young couple entering the lounge. There was no mistaking that they were
Mutants. I picked up my drink and saw Alaynah staring in the direction of the couple. Her
reaction to the Mutants left me stunned. Goyle, short for gargoyle, was an extremely
derogatory term, coined by Norms. I’d heard it used before, but not by anyone I knew
personally. Of course, most of my friends were Mutants, but that didn’t matter. I glanced at
Alaynah, and she looked different to me.

She leaned forward again, her voice low. “I can’t believe they’d come in here. This is almost
embarrassing.”

“Yeah, it is.” I drank the rest of the scotch. “Listen, I’ve got to get going. Thanks for the
drink.”

Alaynah stared at me, a confused look on her face, as I stood up and put on my overcoat. “Is
everything OK?”

I didn’t feel like climbing onto a soapbox. “Everything’s fine. I just forgot about an errand I
have to run. I’ll see you later.”
