Page 38

–– CHAPTER SEVEN ––

The rain had let up, and clouds the color of fresh bruises mottled the cold, bloody sky. It was
late afternoon, and the daylight was fading quickly as I flew home. It was December 7, and
the days were getting shorter and grayer. I’d read somewhere that, at this time of year,
primitive cultures had feared the sun was dying. For weeks prior to the shortest day of the
year, the people would exhort their deity du jour to spare them and bring back the sun. Then
the days would start to lengthen again, and everyone would celebrate (generally with some
type of orgy), eat and drink to excess, and maybe sacrifice a few virgins for good measure.
New Year’s celebrations hadn’t changed much.

The only difference was that now we knew the sun wasn’t dying - it was killing us. Between
the eroded ozone layer and the radiation-saturated atmosphere, we were all helpless chunks of
stew meat in a large, toxic Crock Pot. I heard rumors that the government was going to enact
a “time reversal,” switching business hours from A.M. to P.M. It seemed like a healthy idea to
me, having people sleep through the most hazardous part of the day, but it wouldn’t affect me
like it would most people. I’d always been a night person.

As I started my approach to Chandler Avenue, I saw that the unmarked police speeder hadn’t
moved. I circled around and landed on the other side of the Brew & Stew. If the cops
happened to see me in the diner, so be it. I was ravenous to the point of apathy. I climbed out
of the speeder and locked it up.

It was almost dark now, and the street was quiet, except for the sound of occasional raindrops
plopping into greasy puddles. The air was wet, and the smell of damp earth was thick. Ahead
of me, the warm light from Louie’s café reflected off the slick pavement like a welcome mat.
The wind picked up, and I raised my collar. I was glad for the warmth of my overcoat. I’d had
it for a long time and wore it wherever I went. It was my big, khaki-colored pal who never
asked stupid questions or wanted to leave until I was good and ready.

I felt a pleasant anticipation, like I always did when I went to the Brew & Stew. Louie
LaMintz ran a joint that wasn’t for everyone, but it suited me fine. There was always some
savory aroma billowing in from the kitchen, maybe a lamb stew or a batch of spicy chili.
Almost any time of day or night, there were at least two or three loyal patrons bellied up to
the bar, arguing some topic with beery breath. Everyone had their own reason to love Louie’s
diner. The beer was always ice cold, and as for the Armageddon blend…well, it was the kind
coffee that would’ve made Juan Valdez cry for mercy. You couldn’t help but feel welcome in
the diner. It didn’t matter that Louie and most of the regulars were Mutants.

I paused just outside the double doors and thought about the nearly empty wallet in my back
pocket. Louie never seemed too concerned about running me a tab - he said he knew I was
good for it - but it didn’t make me feel any less parasitic. Rationalization had always been one
of my dominant traits - the others being a lack of patience and inappropriate spasms of
sarcasm - but there were no two ways about it: I was freeloading. For an instant, I considered
going back to my office and toughing it out.

As I turned away, I spotted a shiny penny lying on the sidewalk, a few inches from the toe of
my wing tip. I bent down and picked it up. I was hungry, thirsty, and a stone’s throw from
being utterly destitute, but now I had a lucky penny.
