Page 40

A sudden bellow from the other side of the café forced Louie to excuse himself. I glanced
down at the menu, but remembering my earlier vision, I already knew what I wanted. I took
another drink and noticed a face staring back at me from behind the bar. For a moment I
wondered who the old guy was. Then, with all the grace of tumbling down a flight of stairs, I
realized it was me. I was not aging well. And it was probably too late for Oil of Olay to have
any real effect. I peered over my shoulder at Chelsee. No wonder she always shot me down
whenever I asked her out. I looked old enough to be her…older brother.

Louie returned, wiping his hands on the apron around his ample waist. “What’ll ya have?”

“How’s the chili tonight?”

Louie grinned maliciously. “This batch turned out real good. I’m serving it with a side of
Rolaids. I can get ya a nice big bowl in two shakes of a lamb’s tail…if you’re up to it, that is.”

Them were feudin’ words. “Bring it on, Louie. Make it a double. And be sure to scoop it off
the bottom. I don’t want any of the watered-down stuff on top.”

Chuckling, Louie waddled through the swinging doors into his laboratory of culinary
wonders. He popped back out thirty seconds later, balancing a salad bowl full of chili, a piece
of cornbread the size of Gideon’s Bible, and a teacup full of whipped honey butter. Setting the
food in front of me, he reached under the counter for a spoon, a knife, and a stack of napkins.
Then, with a flourish, he reached into a pocket in his apron, pulled out a half roll of antacid
tablets, and tossed them onto the counter.

As Louie watched attentively, I picked up the spoon and dipped it into the steaming hot chili.
The concoction was loaded with chunks of tender beef, peppers, and tomatoes. I lifted the
spoon and, after blowing on it for a few seconds, took a hearty bite. The chili was thick and
tasty. As I savored the rich texture and blend of flavors, a tingling sensation began to swell at
the back of my mouth, and then, without warning, it erupted into flame and blazed across my
tongue like a storm-blown prairie fire. As I lurched forward and grabbed the glass of beer,
Louie chortled and poured me another draft. “I told ya it was a good batch.”

After draining the first beer, I picked up the fresh one and drank half of it. I broke off a piece
of cornbread and dabbed honey butter on it. Partial feeling returned to my mouth.

“Bravo, Louie. I think you’ve outdone yourself this time.”

Louie nodded happily and motioned for me to eat, eat. More cautiously now, I returned to the
chili. It definitely pushed the limits of my spicy threshold, but I managed. It certainly was
delicious. Louie poured himself a mug full of Armageddon and leaned against the counter.
“So, where you been?”

I took another gulp of beer. “Mexico City. I thought I had a case, but all I ended up with was a
goose egg and another four thousand miles on my odometer.”

Louie nodded sympathetically. “Sorry to hear that, Murph.” He paused to sip his coffee. “You
sure missed some excitement around here.”

I looked up, my mouth full of chili. Louie took another sip.
