Page 41

“It’s this damn crusade. Got everyone all worked up. I had a couple windows busted out and
some graffiti. Rook got it worse. Had someone break into his pawnshop and mess the place up
a bit.”

I didn’t bother to ask if anyone had called the police. The cops didn’t concern themselves
much with what happened in the Old City, especially in the Mutant sections.

Louie took another sip of java and shrugged. “But it ain’t nothing’ we can’t handle. We set up
a neighborhood watch, so I’m hopin’ it ain’t gonna be a recurrin’ problem.”

I blew lightly on a heaping spoonful of chili. “As long as those cops are parked outside, you
shouldn’t have any trouble. Speaking of which, you have any idea what they’re doing here?”

The big Mutant shook his head. “Nope. They’ve been comin’ in a few times a day, but I can’t
get a thing out of ’em.”

“Well, let me know if I can help out with your neighborhood watch.”

Louie set his mug down and turned to refill my beer. “I will, but I think we got it covered. At
least they didn’t do nothin’ to Chelsee’s newsstand.” He turned around and set the full glass in
front of me. “Which reminds me, when you gonna go out with that girl?”

I slathered butter on another piece of cornbread.

“I don’t know. Maybe when she quits knee-jerking me every time I bring up the subject.”

Louie grinned and picked up his mug. “Well, I ain’t no love doctor, but I’ll tell ya what I
think. Chelsea’s a lot like one of them videodisc players. Once you get the skinny on how
they work, they’re a lot of fun.”

“Yeah, well, I have a hard time operating an answering machine.”

On cue, the young lady in question suddenly appeared on the bar stool beside me.

“Hey, Tex. What’s going on?”

I dabbed my sweaty forehead with a napkin, wiped my hands, and reached for the pack of
smokes. “Louie’s guiding me through the little known ninth circle of jalapeno hell. Want
some?”

I glanced up at Louie, who was smiling broadly. Chelsee peered into the bowl and shook her
head. “No thanks. I’m not a big fan of legumes.”

Her perfume was pushing my buttons. Chelsee, oblivious as ever to my heartfelt longing,
turned to Louie and asked sweetly for a vodka tonic. As Louie mixed her drink, she turned to
me. “So, what’s the good word? Got any new cases?”

I packed my cigarette on the counter and dug the Zippo out of my pocket. “Not really. Though
I did come across something kind of odd this afternoon.”
