Page 42

I took out the blue card I’d found in the mail that morning. “What do you think about this?”

I handed the card to Chelsee. Louie finished mixing her drink and twisted around to take a
look. After a moment he glanced up at me. “What is it?”

I shrugged. “Beats me. Came in the mail with no name or return address.”

Chelsee was looking at it intently. “Maybe it’s a license plate number. Or a VIN.”

Louie shook his head. “Too many…what d’ya call ‘em…characters…for a license plate. And
there ain’t enough for a VIN.” He squinted at the card. “Lemme see …eight, nine, ten.
There’s ten characters. If ya don’t count the plus sign and change them letters to numbers,
could be a phone number…you know, with an area code. What would it be?
2...9...5...2,2,6,1,1,8,4. Lemme grab a white pages.”

Louie hurried off to the kitchen. Chelsee set the card in front of me and leaned an elbow on
the counter, resting her chin in the palm of her hand. I swiveled slightly and looked straight at
her. She smiled and motioned with her eyes toward the index card. “Kind of like a riddle,
huh? I like riddles.”

“I’m sure you do.”

I turned my head and picked up my glass of beer. When I looked back at Chelsee, she had a
feigned expression of shock on her face. “What’s that supposed to mean?”

“Oh, I don’t know. Consider it a special riddle, from me to you.”

Louie backed through the kitchen doors with an open phone book in his hands.

“I don’t see a 295 area code listed here.” He ran his finger to the bottom of the page. “No,
nothin’.” He closed the book and set it under the bar, a hint of dejection on his broad face.
“Maybe it’s some kind of international code.”

“Don’t worry about it, Louie. It was a nice idea, but I don’t think it’s anything as simple as a
phone number. I’ll give my personal psychic a call and see if she can sense something
useful.”

Chelsee smiled and stood up with her drink. “Well, I’ll leave you two handsome guys to your
manly conversation. I’ve got to get back to my book.”

I turned around on the bar stool and leaned back. “Let me guess. Damp Passion. The torid
story of a stunningly beautiful model turned neurosurgeon, who must choose between the
sincere but dull billionaire who loves her, and the impossibly handsome and innocent fugitive
accused of murder, with whom she has tasted the ripe fruit of forbidden love.”

Chelsee raised an eyebrow.

“Actually, I’m reading The Collected works of O. Henry. You know, like the candy bar.”
