Page 43

She spun around, her hair bouncing attractively, and I couldn’t help but stare as she returned
to her booth. She gave me a brief glare before blocking her face with the book. I turned back
toward Louie, who was shaking his head.

“You sure got a magical way with women, Murph.”

A vid-phone beeped in the kitchen. Louie excused himself and went to answer it. I picked up
the blue card and looked it over again. BXK+A261184. A serial number? Maybe I had to
sleep on it. I stifled a yawn as I slipped the card back into the pocket of my overcoat, and
decided that I should probably hit the hay early. As I collected my smokes and lighter, Louie
stuck his head through the swinging doors.

“Hey, Murph. Call for ya.”

I’d never gotten a call at the diner before. Intrigued, I walked around the bar and into the
kitchen. Mac Malden’s puffy face filled the vid-phone screen. It looked like he was calling
from an outside pay vid-phone. “I tried your office first.”

“I’m not there.”

Mac rolled his eyes. “No kidding. Look, I’ve been trying to get a hold of you for a week now.
Actually, a lot of people have. I’ve been calling your office since I got your message. I
figured I’d check the Brew & Stew and see if I could catch you before the boys on stakeout
do.”

So my hunch had been right. “How’d I get so popular all of a sudden?”

Mac ran a hand nervously over his mustache. “Look, I’m going out on a limb here. I’m telling
you this ‘cause I think they’re going after the wrong guy, and if you get a head start, you
might be able to do something to cover your ass. Just remember - I didn’t make this call. If the
commissioner finds out I’m warning you off, he’ll have me walking the Mission District beat
with a rubber gun.”

“Well, since you’re not making this call, how about if I don’t ask you what it was I did.”

The fat cop glanced over his shoulder as someone passed by, then looked back into the
camera. “You know Roy O’Brien, right? The Colonel?”

That came out of the blue. “Sure. We go way back. What does that have to do with anything?”

“Good friends?”

“Used to be. We haven’t had much to do with each other for quite awhile, though.”

Mac squinted through his already squinted eyes. “Why’s that?”

“We had a bit of a falling out about fifteen years ago.”

“A woman?”
