Page 45

–– CHAPTER EIGHT –

So, by all appearances, the Colonel was dead. Assimilating that fact was surreal, like the time
I’d caught Sylvia with the upholsterer. What I needed was a bottle of bourbon and time to
think, two luxuries I didn’t have. I could probably avoid the cops for awhile longer, but they’d
find me eventually. And when they did, I’d be a glob of chewing gum on the sole of the
commissioner’s five-hundred-dollar Italian loafers. Sure, the hospital in Brownsville could
verify that I’d been there three days earlier, but Mac had said that the Colonel disappeared
before then. My alibi was a bout as airtight as cheese-cloth.

If Mac’s information was current, I wasn’t just the prime suspect, I was the only suspect. And
Commissioner Drysdale enjoyed an abnormally high conviction rate. He was the kind of cop
who craved closure, even if he had to settle for busting the wrong guy. Unless I could prove
that I’d hadn’t used a cigar cutter on the Colonel, odds were good that I’d find myself learning
a new trade and making sixty-seven cents a day at Pelican Bay.

I thanked Louie for dinner and made a hasty exit. There was nothing I could do to prove my
innocence, short of finding another, more realistic lead for the cops. And the only places I
could think of that would turn up such a thing were either the Colonel’s house or office. I
wasn’t sure where the Colonel had been living, but I knew where his office was. I fired up the
speeder and lifted off.

As I flew over the brightly lit city, I remembered the dream I’d had just before waking up in
Brownsville hospital. I was certain now that it had been a replay of an actual conversation.
Despite my severe drunkenness at the time, on some subconscious level my brain had re-
corded everything. I found myself wondering about the reason for the Colonel’s unexpected
visit. Why had he made the trip to my office after so many years, only to leave without giving
a reason for stopping by? It just didn’t make any sense. The Colonel never did anything
without some set purpose. He was like a grandmaster chess player, always thinking three or
four moves ahead. I, myself, had always preferred checkers, though I also enjoyed dominoes
and Parcheesi.

Images came to mind of the early days, when the Colonel had taken me under his wing.
Despite the big breakup, I’d always considered my mentor a father figure, albeit a verbally
abusive, overbearing, foster-parent-from-Hell type. The Colonel wasn’t the nicest guy in the
world, but he was a top-notch detective. His agency was one of the largest and best-known in
this part of the country. The clientele was a veritable Who’s Who of business, politics and
Hollywood. Over the years, he’d earned a lot of respect, but he’d also made more than his
share of enemies. I’d lasted only two years at his agency, but I could think of a dozen people
who hated his guts and had subjectively good reasons for seeing them spilled all over his
office’s hundred-dollars-a-square-foot carpet.

Even in my straw-grasping state of mind, I wondered if I was kidding myself. Realistically,
what were the chances of me finding something in the Colonel’s office that Drysdale’s special
unit had overlooked? His men were professionals in the truest sense of the word, and the
commissioner had been hell-bent. But it had happen-ed on occasion in the past. Maybe I was
no better than a gambler who’d gotten lucky on the ponies a couple of times, bloated with
overconfidence and confusing luck with talent.
