Page 46

The Colonel’s office was in Sausalito, in a nice, quiet suburb of the city, where the
commercial section trailed off into the residential area. As I descended toward the office, I
saw lights on inside the reception area and a police speeder parked at the curb. This was an
unforeseen complication. Under more favorable circumstances, the cops might have let me
poke around the place, but I was a wanted man. A diversionary tactic was called for.

I set the speeder down two blocks away from the Colonel’s office and around the corner from
a mom-and-pop convenience store called the Market Basket. Seeing the store had inspired a
plan. It was unethical and callous, not to mention illegal, but it was a proven winner. I walked
to the store and looked it over. A metal grate covered the store’s façade, and a Rockwell
Alarm System sticker was pasted onto the front window. Excellent.

I walked around the building to a small alley and searched until I found a good-sized chunk of
asphalt. Returning to the front of the market, I glanced around to make sure no one was in
sight, then reared back and heaved the asphalt. It flew between two metal bars in the grate and
shattered the front window. An alarm blared as I sprinted back to my speeder. Alarms were
like dog whistles for cops. I figured it would get the attention of the patrolmen down the
street.

Back in the speeder, I lifted off and sped around the block until I was on the other side of the
Colonel’s office, with a clear view of the front entrance. The cops were quick. They were
already half way down the block, guns drawn and strings of saliva trailing behind them. I set
the speeder down as close as I could without being obvious, then bolted for the door to the
Colonel’s office.

I stepped in gingerly and glanced around. Apparently, there had been only two cops, both of
whom had fallen for my little ruse. I was in the reception/waiting area, which is where the
policemen appeared to have set up shop, judging by the deck of cards, piles of Styrofoam, and
mountains of fast food wrappers on the receptionist’s desk.

I couldn’t be sure of how much time I’d have to search the office, but I knew I had to hurry. I
hustled down a hallway, turned left, and entered the Colonel’s private office. I turned on the
lights and saw that everything had been turned upside down, with drawers emptied and papers
spilled all over the floor. An expensive chess set was scattered around. There was no way to
tell if this had been done before or after the cops’ investigation.

A cigarette butt on the floor caught my eye. I remembered that the Colonel had said he’d quit
smoking. May-be a careless cop had dropped it, but I hoped not. I picked up the filterless stub
and saw the strange symbol on the wrapper. It was the same as the one on the butts I’d found
in the mansion. This was beyond coincidence. But what would the person who set me up be
doing in the Colonel’s office? And how was he or she involved in the Colonel’s
disappearance?

I began searching the office, eyes peeled and ears straining to hear when the cops returned. I
had no idea what I was searching for. After ten minutes or so, I be-came convinced that the
police had taken everything of interest and tagged it for evidence. The papers on the floor
turned out to be mostly empty forms and junk mail, and the Colonel’s desk was practically
empty. It did contain a paperback, titled Perry Mason and the Case of the Sleeping Wife.
Naturally, I was a big fan of Erle Stanley Gardner, and I hated to see a perfectly good pulp
novel go to waste. I picked up the book and stuck it in the pocket of my overcoat. Under the
