Page 47

book was a stack of blue index cards, held together with a rubber band. They were just like
the one I’d found with my mail that morning, except these were blank. After a moment’s
hesitation, I decided I’d have to consider the implications later.

There was a coat closet eight or nine feet to the right of the desk. I figured the cops would’ve
gone through it, but I checked it out anyway. There were two coats, a shirt, and an umbrella
inside. I’d just about decided I was wasting my time, and was expecting the cops to return at
any moment. I took one more look around the room and was about to leave when I noticed
something odd.

A thermostat control box was affixed to the wall by the door, but it suddenly dawned on me
that there were two of them in the office. I examined the one by the door closely and decided
that it was actually what it appeared to be. The second box was on the same wall as the coat
closet but, unlike the first, had a casing of smoke-tinted plastic. I looked it over, then carefully
pulled the casing off the wall. Staring back at me was what appeared to be a camera lens.

Apparently, Drysdale’s men had missed this little item. It was just like the Colonel to have a
hidden surveillance camera installed in his office. And it was almost certain that no one but
the Colonel would know it was there. I thought it over for a minute. The camera was probably
attached to a videodisc recorder or something equivalent. The question was, where? I moved
back and look-ed at the wall. Stepping outside the office, I tried to determine if there could
possibly be a small area unac-counted for behind the camera. By my rough estimates, there
seemed to be.

I walked back to the coat closet and stepped inside. As near as I could tell, if there was some
kind of concealed room, it had to be accessible through the right wall of the closet. I inspected
the wall and saw a hairline crack running horizontally about four feet off the floor. I ran my
hands over the surface of the wall, pressing and prodding. Finally, in the top left corner, I
pushed and heard a click. The lower four feet of the wall sprung open.

Pulling the panel back, I got down on my knees and crawled into the space beyond. I pulled
out my Zippo and lit it. After moving the flame around for a few seconds, I found a switch
and flipped it. A light came on, and I found myself in an area a little smaller than the interior
of a cardboard freezer box. I stood and saw a camera sitting on a tripod, pointed at the wall.
Piled on the floor were stacks of videodisc jeweled cases, hundreds of them. When I checked
the camera, I saw that it was turned on, but wasn’t running.

I pressed the release button on the camera, and a videodisc ejected softly into my hand. It was
almost too much to hope for. The disc could’ve been recording the last time the Colonel was
in his office. Maybe he’d been abducted, or even killed here in his office. Was it possible that
the Colonel’s murder had been recorded?

Suddenly, through the wall, I heard voices. The cops had returned. I pulled the coat closet
panel shut, flipped off the light, and put my ear against the wall. I couldn’t make out what
they were saying, but their voices weren’t getting any closer to the Colonel’s office.

I waited at least fifteen minutes. When I was fairly sure they were going to stay where they
were, I ventured out of the video room, breathing through my mouth and moving as slowly
and quietly as possible. There was a closed window on the opposite wall. I tiptoed across the
