Page 49

–– CHAPTER NINE ––

It was only the third time I’d ever been handcuffed, and the first two times had nothing to do
with the legal process. My hands were going numb as the cops escorted me into the holding
area of the police station. It was 9:30, and the usual assortment of vagrants, ladies of the night,
and frightened-face teenagers were seated on the benches. The air inside was tinged with the
queasy odors of weak coffee, stale cigarette smoke, and vomit. A trio of hideous and
unsanitary-looking hookers sat bunched together like Charlie’s Angels from a parallel
universe. They cackled as the cops led me past them, and I felt like the title character in some
contemporary, inner-city production of Macbeth.

When my handcuffs were removed, I was asked to take off my shoes, coat, hat, and all
personal effects, after which I went through the delights of the booking process. Everyone
involved was unnecessarily jovial, acting as if they were the helpful staff in some hellish
resort spa. There was only one belligerent cop, as allowed by law. I told him I had to call his
wife and tell her I wouldn’t be able to make it over till later. This seemed to offend him, and
he took it upon himself to make sure I didn’t loiter at the door to the drunk tank.

I picked myself up off the floor and looked around at my fellow inmates. Surprisingly, or not,
most of them weren’t much different from the guys I’d played poker with in college. A little
older and more damp. There were a couple of vintage bums, drunk on some cousin of Lysol
and focusing on nothing in particular. The odd man out was a young man, no more than
twenty years old, wearing a Polo sweater and dress slacks. He was sweating like a pimp in
Sunday school.


The benches were filled, so I took a seat on the concrete floor. On top of everything else, the
cops had made me leave my smokes and lighter with me personal effects. Taking my shoes I
could understand. Shoelace suicides were a rich tradition in prison lore. But what did they
think I’d do with a pack of Lucky Strikes? Smoke myself to death? Stage a prison riot while
brandishing a red hot cherry? It’d been less than an hour, and I was already experiencing
nicotine withdrawal. From somewhere outside the cell, I heard pitiful wailing. Maybe the
cops were working off some empty calories. I drew my knees up to my chest and rested my
forehead on them.

This was not the greatest night of my life. It’d probably been stupid of me to go to the
Colonel’s office. Except for the surveillance disc, the contents of which might turn out to be
completely worthless, I’d ended up with nothing but smudged fingertips and a criminal
record. Drysdale now had his scapegoat in custody, and it was just a matter of due process
before I was taken to trial and an impartial jury of my peers found me guilty and handed down
a life sentence complete with a one-way ticket to the lunar penal colony. Not that it wouldn’t
be an improvement over the existential quality of my past few years. At least I’d get three
meals, some time to read, and rent-free accommodations. I was already celibate, so that
wouldn’t be a problem.

“Scuse me!”

A loud and warm gust of pickled breath blew into the side of my face, interrupting my bleak
introspection. I turned my head to see a tiny wino sitting beside me and leaning close. He was
old and rail-thin. With his spiky white hair and five-day beard growth, he resembled a toilet
brush.
