Page 50

“The name’s Rusty.” He extended his hand, which I ignored for sanitary reasons. He paused,
then looked from me to his hand, before wiping it on his pants. “I ain’t seen you here before.”

I nodded curtly, trying to discourage further conversation. Rusty went on, oblivious.

“Me, I been in here quite a bit.” He thrust what was left of his jaw in the direction of a loudly
snoring sack. “Not as much as old Quentin there. Ain’t that right, Jerry?”

Another watery-eyed denizen nodded unsteadily. “Dat’s right.”

Rusty clapped me on the back. “So what they got you for?”

I cleared my throat. “They say I waited for my grandparents to fall asleep, then hacked them
into little pieces with a shovel.”

Rusty stared at me for several seconds, then got up and staggered across the cell. Behind me,
a good-sized space had appeared on the bench. I climbed up and stretched out leisurely.

I’d been resting for about thirty minutes when the cell door opened and a burly prison guard
summoned me. I followed obediently through a maze of corridors until we reached the door to
the commissioner’s office.

Commissioner Armon Drysdale was a mean son of a bitch. He was one of the few men I’d
ever met who could make full-grown adults feel like they were back in the principal’s office,
mired in a bucket of fresh manure. All the cops were scared to death of him. He and I had
only spoken a couple of times and, I had to admit, hadn’t hit it off particularly well. I seem to
remember making an unflattering remark about his lack of social skills. Malden had said I
was lucky I didn’t end up in the drunk tank for a week.

The guard knocked lightly on the door, and I was ushered inside by a young, crew-cut man
wearing the kind of dark blue suit that comes with two pairs of pants. Drysdale sat regally
behind his desk, arms folded across an Armani suit and an intolerant expression on his stone-
cut face. He fixed his dark, unblinking eyes on me.

“That’ll be all, Blake. Go back to your post and do something useful.”

The large man mumbled something subservient and unintelligible and marched back out the
door. Drysdale motioned for the young man behind me to leave as I stepped toward the chair
in front of the desk.

“I didn’t invite you to sit down, Murphy.”

The office door closed, and I casually stuck my hands in my pockets. The commissioner
unfolded his arms and crossed his legs precisely. “I assume you know why you’re here.”

“Yeah. Something about a parking ticket.”

Drysdale didn’t smile. “Colonel Roy O’Brien disappeared six days ago. When the Missing
Persons’ report was filed, we searched his home, then his office. When the investigators went
