Page 51

in, they found your name and address written in an appointment book. We’ve been trying to
find you ever since. Now that you’re here, we can proceed in a variety of ways. You can tell
me why your name was there and everything else you can think I’d want to know. Or, you can
be a smart-ass. In which case, I’ll throw you back in the drunk tank, and we’ll try it again next
week. It’s up to you.”

I considered for a moment. “I guess I’ll take the first one.”

Drysdale looked down at the sleeve of his fifteen-hundred-dollar jacket and delicately picked
off a piece of lint. “I’m waiting.”

“There’s not much to tell. I hadn’t seen the Colonel in years. The other night, he shows up in
my office. We chat for a few minutes about nothing in particular, then he leaves. That’s it.”

“Which night was it that he came to your office?”

I tried to recall.

“I’d guess it was about two weeks ago. Give or take a day.”

The commissioner fixed a glare on me and held it for probably twenty second, though it
seemed substantially longer. “What did he talk about?”

I found a small hole in the bottom of my pocket and thought about how good a smoke would
be. “Like I told you, nothing in particular. He said I looked like hell, mentioned something
about retiring to a tropical island, then told me to shape up. He didn’t say a thing about his
upcoming murder or who the killer would be.”

Drysdale held up a finger as a subtle warning. “Don’t test me, Murphy. I don’t like you. And
if you push me, I’ll kick your ass so hard, only dogs will hear you fart.”

He reached into his sleeve and pulled down the cuff of his dress shirt to exactly a quarter inch
below the hem of the jacket.

“The Colonel was a good friend of mine. I’m going to find whoever killed him and blow his
or her brains out. From what I’ve heard, the only thing you’ve been capable of killing over the
past few months is brain cells. But that isn’t a viable alibi. Where were you last week ago?”

I didn’t appreciate the cheap shot, but he had the home-field advantage. One thing was for
sure - if I ever caught him on neutral ground, he’d get a verbal beating he wouldn’t soon
forget.

“I was in Mexico City, working on a case.”

“Can anyone verify that you were there?”

I’d been afraid it would come to this. “Probably not.”

“Who hired you?”
