Page 52

This wasn’t going to sound good. “I don’t know. I was set up. When I got back, my client had
pulled a disappearing act.”

The commissioner stared at me for some time, an incredulous expression on his face.

“You’re either a bigger idiot, or a lot more clever than everyone thinks. Your story is too
unbelievably stupid to be fabricated.” Drysdale shook his head. “Either way, I’ve got you
dead to rights for breaking and entering, as well as tampering with a crime scene. And, while I
can’t prove it, a jury could probably be convinced that you threw the rock into the store
window. Put all the charges together with the Colonel’s appointment book and the bad blood
between the two of you, and I’ve got a reasonable body of circumstantial evidence.”

Drysdale said it like he actually believed it. I wasn’t about to say anything, but I suspected
that he’d have a hard time convicting me on even one of the charges. Unfortunately, the cop
was probably betting I couldn’t make bail, and that would allow him to detain me until my
court date, which he could push back indefinitely. I had one blind card in the hole, and it was
time to play it.

“I found something at the Colonel’s office.”

Drysdale’s cool façade lapsed for a split second. He leaned forward and folded his hands on
the desk. “I’m listening.”

“The Colonel had a surveillance camera set up in his office.”

The commissioner sat back in his chair, a smirk on his face. “You’re lying.”

I shook my head, mirroring the smirk. “That’d be a pretty stupid thing to lie about, don’t you
think? There was a secret chamber through the side of the coat closet. There was videodisc
recorder inside, and I took the last disc out of it.”

Drysdale didn’t want to believe me, but I had his attention. “Where’s the disc?”

“Drop the charges, and I’ll tell you.”

“You’re in no position to barter, Murphy. Where the hell is the disc?”

Anyone but Drysdale would’ve been willing to bargain. All I could do at this point was tell
him where it was and hope it panned out. “It’s with my personal effects. In a Gordon
Lightfoot CD case.”

Keeping his eyes trained on me, Drysdale activated his vid-phone and requested that the
envelope with my things in it be brought to his office. After he disconnected, he raised a
finger. “This better be on the level. If you’re jerking me around, you’d better have someone
send you a lifetime supply of soap-on-a-rope.”

We waited in silence until the young nazi entered the room and handed a large manila
envelope to Drysdale. The commissioner removed the disc and stood up. Crossing to a side
table, he inserted it into a videodisc player and turned it on. Drysdale pulled a chair to the
table and sat down, giving me a clear view over his shoulder.
