Page 53

The monitor flickered, and then a view of the Colonel’s empty office appeared on-screen. In
the lower right corner was a time and date display. It was 10:15 A.M., December 1. The
Colonel stepped into the picture from the direction of the coat closet. He walked through, then
reappeared a moment later with a cup of coffee in hand.

Drysdale fast-forwarded for a few seconds until we saw the Colonel welcome a middle-aged
woman into his office. Drysdale turned up the volume, and I could hear the Colonel
discussing a job.

Drysdale resumed scanning. The Colonel stayed in his office for the remainder of the morning
and then had another visitor around 12:45. He left after the second appointment, and the office
was deserted throughout the afternoon. The empty office grew steadily darker as the image
fast-forwarded. The commissioner glanced at me over his shoulder. He seemed impatient. It
didn’t appear that this was going to do me any good.

The image slowed to real time when the office lights came on and the Colonel reappeared.
Behind his desk, he put on his jacket and tightened his necktie, then sat down. It looked as
though he was expecting someone. Drysdale fast-forwarded until the Colonel rose from his
seat and crossed the room, out of camera range. He returned a moment later, exchanging
pleasantries with a slightly built, dark-haired man, who was wearing a long overcoat and
carrying a valise. The Colonel gestured toward a chair on the near side of the desk and started
walking around the desk with his back to the man. He seemed to be on his guard, but it didn’t
matter. With a lightening-quick move, the stranger whipped something out of his overcoat and
brought it down viciously on the back of the Colonel’s head. The sickening thud was clearly
audible and made me wince involuntarily. As the Colonel hit the floor, the other man pounced
and slapped a pair of handcuffs on him. Then, with surprising strength, the stranger pulled the
Colonel around the desk and into the chair where the Colonel had been sitting seconds before.

Drysdale was leaning forward, and I moved a step closer. We watched as the unconscious
Colonel was secured to the chair. His captor was wearing delicate-looking gold spectacles and
had a jet-black mustache too large for his face. His skin was dark - he looked like he might be
Middle Eastern, though he could have been wearing makeup and a false mustache for all I
knew. Other than his complexion and facial hair, he looked nondescript, average. His would
be a difficult face to identify. One thing was certain, though - he was much too short to be the
man who’d posed as the countess’s butler.

Within thirty seconds, the dark-haired man had the Colonel thoroughly fastened to the chair.
There hadn’t been one wasted movement - this guy was obviously a professional. He lifted
the Colonel’s rag-doll head and waved what appeared to be smelling salts under his nose.
With a jerk, the Colonel’s head snapped back, eyes blinking wildly.

The dark-haired man turned calmly to the Colonel, who was shaking his head, trying to clear
away the cobwebs. Almost breezily, the man removed a small silver case and extracted a
cigarette. As he methodically lit what I presumed was a now-familiar French cigarette, he
spoke softly to the Colonel, too softly for me to make out the words. After a moment, the
Colonel looked up. “I know who you are. I’m just wondering what took you so long.”
