Page 54

The words were clear, but the voice sounded far away. I couldn’t catch what the stranger said
in reply, but he went on speaking for some time. The Colonel moved slightly, testing how
securely he was tied down. It was hopeless. He wasn’t going to escape.

“You and whoever you’re working for can kiss my ass.”

In a blur, the interrogator slashed his hands across the Colonel’s face. After several seconds, a
red line appeared on the Colonel’s cheek, and blood began to seep out of the wound. The
Colonel stared back defiantly. “You might as well go ahead and kill me. I haven’t got
anything to say to you.”

The soft voice continued, now more menacing. The Colonel interrupted with a spiteful laugh.
Again, the attacker lashed out, and the Colonel began to bleed from both sides of his face. He
continued to smile as blood ran into the corners of his mouth. “You got the wrong guy. How
should I know anything about the Winter Chip. Why don’t you check with someone at
CAPRICORN? It’s their chip. Oh, I forgot. You blew the place up. Looks like you’re just out
of luck.”

The stranger walked around the desk and picked up the valise he’d dropped when he’d made
his attack. Setting it on the desk, he opened it, and I saw something inside gleam as it caught
the light. Out came a hypodermic needle and a small bottle. Slowly and deliberately, he filled
the needle and walked back behind the Colonel. The stranger spoke for some time, his voice
so low as to be almost imperceptible. When he finished, the Colonel took a deep breath. “Go
to hell.”

The answering voice rose slightly, and I detected a slight accent. The Colonel looked straight
ahead and didn’t respond. His interrogator held the hypodermic up to the light and pressed
until a stream of liquid spurted out the end. Leaning down, he inserted the needle into the
Colonel’s neck. The Colonel struggled at first, then slowly relaxed. Finally, his head lolled
forward, onto his chest.

The dark-haired man put away the needle, then left the room. Moments later, he reappeared
along with another man whose face I couldn’t get a clear look at. Together, they released the
Colonel from the handcuffs and carried his limp body out of the room. It was impossible to
tell if he was still alive. The small man returned and walked past the camera. The lights shut
off, and the screen went blank.

*

Five minutes later, I was standing at the checkout counter, collecting my wing tips, overcoat,
and fedora. The old cop working the counter handed over my clothing, as jolly as a sub for
Santa doling out gifts to an impoverished child.

“Now here’s a nice hat. I used to wear a hat like that. That’s how I lost my hair.” He guffawed
loudly. I ignored him and emptied the contents of the manila envelope onto the counter. Keys,
wallet, lighter, cigarettes (thank God), several envelopes (one full of cigarette butts), the blue
index card, and the Perry Mason book. As I returned the items to the appropriate pockets, I
noticed something sticking out between the pages of the paperback.
