Page 55

It turned out to be a picture of the Colonel, who was dressed like a pirate, and a beautiful
young woman, who was wearing a neon-pink bikini and holding a trophy. I flipped the photo
over and read “Happy Halloween! Love and Kisses, Melahn.” The bald cop contorted to get a
look at the front side of the photo.

“Here, son. Mind if I take a look at that?”

I handed it over and continued distributing. The cop whistled. “Haven’t seen this one for
awhile. What a piece of work she was.” Through the snickering, I took back the photo and
looked at it again. So, the Colonel had found himself a little plaything. I had to admit, she was
an eye-popper. I wondered whether the cops had found anything linking the Colonel to this
Melahn person. Maybe if I could track her down, she’d have an idea why someone had cut her
sugar daddy’s finger off. It was worth a try. I slipped the picture into my pocket along with
the paperback and went looking for Mac.

Malden, despite his seniority, had been stuck in the late shift for as long as I’d known him and
still hadn’t been able to adjust his internal clock. He was slumped against a coffee machine,
eyes closed, waiting for his cup to fill. I walked over, pulling out a cigarette. Bilge water
gurgled from the bowels of the machine, filling the air with a wet ashtray smell. Mac heard
me approaching and opened his eyes grudgingly. “Coffee?”

I lit my smoke. “I’d love some, if you have any.”

Mac shrugged apathetically. “Suit yourself.”

He extracted the cup of pond scum and aimed his tired girth in the direction of his office. Just
as we’d gotten seated, Mac’s vid-phone beeped, and he answered it. From the tone of the
conversation, it was his wife Joanne.

I pulled out the photo of the Colonel and Melahn and looked it over again. The old man
always had a taste for younger girls - not too young in the legal sense, but young enough to
offend churchgoers. I inspected the photo closely. With my vague recollection of what the
Colonel had looked like a few months ago, the picture was taken recently. Maybe he’d still
been seeing this girl.

She was beautiful in a slightly soiled way. The Colonel had always preferred his playmates a
little trashy, and this one certainly fit the bill. But even under the fashionably excessive
makeup and over enlarged breasts, there was something undeniably appealing about Melahn.
She was the kind of dame that got men into trouble. I wanted to meet her.

I knew that Drysdale would pursue every angle to find out who the Colonel’s abductor had
been, but I was planning on making my own inquiries. At one time, I’d felt a real affinity for
the old man, and I couldn’t just stand by knowing that he’d been murdered. Besides, if I found
out who the killer was, it might get me in good with Drysdale, who’d be a considerably more
useful contact than Mac Malden.

The fat cop disconnected from the vid-phone and looked at me pathetically, like a dog on his
last trip to the vet. I’d never met Joanne…I only knew the effect she had on her poor husband.
I decided to change the subject.
