Page 56

“You look great, Mac. The extra weight sure suits you.”

Mac pulled a soggy Merit out from beneath his yellowed mustache, sprinkling ash on his tie.
He was obviously too tired to care about friendly provocation. He looked exhausted and
irregular, and his scalp glistened beneath a thinning layer of blond hair.

“Looks like you worked things out with Drysdale.”

I nodded. “I owe you one for the tip. It bought me just enough time.”

“I didn’t give you a tip, so shut up about it.” Mac dropped his cigarette into a pool of stale
coffee at the bottom of a Styrofoam cup, then reached into a brown lunch bag and pulled out a
doughnut. His jowls jiggled as he took a bite. Another doughnut was the last thing he needed.
I felt a need to express my concern for his health.

“I think there should be a warning printed on doughnut boxes: Eating these can result in
double chins, tight pants, and will kill you as fast as cigarettes.”

Mac stared at me like a beef cow as he slowly chewed his cud and swallowed.

“For your information, this is a Diet Donut. Fat free, cholesterol free, forty calories, and ten
grams of fiber. It tastes like a dog toy, but Joanne’s forcing me to eat ‘em. She makes these
surprise visits to the office, and if she catches me with an actual pastry, she’ll rip my head
off.”

“Well, you know what they say, Mac. Be good to your bowels and they’ll be good to you.”

“Go to hell.”

The lump of a policeman downed the last of the snack and reached for his pack of Merits.
“What’s on your mind, Murphy?” Mac picked up my Zippo like it was his and held it to the
end of a poorly packed cigarette. The tobacco seemed to cleanse his palette, and he looked
somewhat refreshed. I was happy for him.

“Take a look at this for me.” I handed over the photo I’d found in the paperback.

Mac stared at it apathetically and tossed it onto the desk in front of me. “Nice looking broad.”

“You recognize her?”

Mac shook his head. “Should I?”

“I don’t know. I’ve got a hunch she has a police record. Her name’s Melahn. That’s all I know
about her.”

Mac turned on his computer, pointed and clicked several times, then typed in his name. He
leaned over and picked up the photo and held it up to the screen. “Tode. T-O-D-E. Melahn
Tode. Been picked up twice for soliciting and once for possession. She got suspended
sentences for all of them, but she’s still on probation. Here’s an address. No phone number.”
