Page 57

Mac rotated the monitor, and I made a note. Now, there was one other item of business.

“Tell me, Mac, how busy is your crack investigative team at the moment?”

The fat cop reached for another Merit, then consulted a desk calendar.

“Well, Lenny’s wife is visiting her mom over the weekend, so he’s hosting the poker game on
Friday. Don’s hair plugs got infected, so he’s out sick for a few days. And, of course,
Wednesday is our bowling league night down at Lois Lanes.” Mac leaned back in his chair.
“Looks like we’re booked. Why?”

“I’ve got something of a mystery on my hands, and I was hoping your guys could help out.”

Mac shrugged. “Let’s hear it. Try to make it exciting…I’m barely awake.”

“OK, in a nutshell, I was hired by someone calling herself Countess Renier. I went to her
house, which turned out to be a mansion in Pacific Heights. 2429 Fillmore.”

Mac wobbled forward and made a note.

“The details of the case aren’t important, but I ended up in Brownsville, Texas, where
someone played jai alai with my head and put me in the hospital for a couple days. When I
got back in town, I went to see my client, and her house was cleaned out. Turns out, it’s been
up for sale and supposedly empty for months.”

Mac focused his eyes, now more alert. “A scam.”

I nodded.

“And you want me to have the boys look the place over.”

“If they can fit it into their hectic schedules.”

Mac leaned his head against the back of the chair and blew a smoke ring toward the dingy
ceiling. He took his time finishing the cigarette, then sat forward, elbows on the desk.

“Tell you what, Murphy. Things are a little slow around here. We haven’t had a good murder
case in months. Every day it’s the same old thing - some Mutant’s been beat up, a gang of
Norms broke into some Mutant’s store, some old Mutant shot a Norm on the subway.
Mutants, Norms, Mutants, Norms. I’ll tell ya, I’m so sick of this crusade crap I could puke.
Whatever happened to good old-fashioned crime?”

I shook my head sympathetically.

“I’m with you, Mac. The world’s going to hell. But this case is a real mystery and doesn’t
have a thing to do with Mutants or Norms.”

Mac doused his Merit.
