Page 59

–– CHAPTER TEN ––

The city sparkled with Christmas lights, and the metropolitan air space was jammed with
speeders, filled with shoppers returning from the extended-hours holiday frenzy. It was
annoying. This was my least favorite time of the year. The weather was cold and clammy, and
something about the yuletide season always brought out the grinch in me. I wasn’t sure why.
Maybe it was the fact that a simple Christian celebration had been grafted onto a set of pagan
rituals and fertilized with steaming piles of commercialism, turning the whole event into a
bastardized maelstrom of greed and questionable religious value. Or maybe it was because
Santa never brought me a pony.

The bottle of bourbon tucked under my arm represented a third of my remaining liquid
capital. I unlocked the door to my office and stepped into the darkness. The chilly, damp
street air gave way to the warm, smoky smell of home. The green glowing numbers on my
watch read 11:11 PM. It’d been one of the longest ten-hour stretches of my life, and I was
exhausted…but I wasn’t going to sleep.

The white glow from the streetlights outside fell through my venetian blinds and washed
across the floor, giving the room a ghostly look. I crossed to my desk, set the bottle down, and
turned on the banker’s lamp. In less than a minute, I was shoeless, hatless, and coatless, with a
loosened tie and the melancholy strains of Miles Davis echoing off peeling wallpaper.

A speeder flashed past my windows, headed in the direction of the new city. Five million lost
souls, clustered together among piles of rubble and sleek, sterile construction. Things were
different now. I wondered if things were different back home, too. Probably. Everything was
going to hell.

I tore the plastic wrapper off the top of the Jack Daniel’s bottle and removed the cap. I’d made
a quick stop at a liquor store on the way home and decided to buy the good stuff. Seeing the
Colonel buy the farm had made me feel even more mortal than usual. For all I knew, this
might be my last night on Earth. I stuck a Lucky Strike in the corner of my mouth and poured
myself half a glass of sedative. My two best friends. I picked up the tumbler and raised it in
memory of my late mentor. Three shots of bourbon coursed down my throat: one for him, one
for me, and one to fill the empty feeling in the pit of my gut. I took a deep drag and refilled
the glass. There was a message on the vid-phone. I pressed the playback button, then leaned
back in my chair, eyes closed and feet crossed on top of my desk.

Alaynah’s face appeared on the screen. “Hello, Tex. I just wanted to call and say I had a great
time today. It was lovely to see you. Give me a call. My number’s 671-3892. Bye.”

I opened my eyes and watched smoke curl around the gold and green light of the banker’s
lamp. Miles stepped aside as John Coltrane’s plaintive sax played an aching eulogy. I reached
over to the vid-phone and erased the message. Another sip of bourbon burned in my throat.

I turned my head and looked in the direction of a photograph hung on the wall. All I could see
was the reflection on the frame, but I knew what it showed. It was me, the Colonel, and
Xavier Jones…an old photo. I wondered why I’d held onto it all these years. Maybe as a
reminder of more innocent times. Or maybe for the same reason I kept a picture of Sylvia on
my desk - to never let me forget the biggest mistakes of my life.
