Page 60

I leaned forward to stub out my cigarette and thought back to the last time I’d seen the
Colonel, trying to remember everything he’d said during his mysterious visit. Even through
the fermented haze of that night, I knew there wasn’t much to remember. The more I thought
about it, the more sure I was that he’d come by for a purpose. Did he know his life was in
danger? Was he looking me up as insurance? So I’d follow up on him? If that was the case,
why me? He’d said that he’d heard about me, that I’d done some good work. But there had to
be other people he trusted, people he worked with. Maybe that was it. Maybe he wasn’t sure
who he could trust.

Then there were the things I’d heard the Colonel say to his killer. He’d mentioned
CAPRICORN, which I knew a little about, and something called the Winter Chip. Whatever
this Winter Chip was, it seemed to be the thing the killer was looking for. The Colonel had
always been hard for me to read, and I wasn’t sure if he’d been bluffing or telling the truth
when he’d said he didn’t know about the Winter Chip. Regardless of what all this means, the
Colonel had obviously gotten himself mixed up in something big and dangerous. He was the
best PI I’d ever known, and it had gotten him murdered. And I knew I was about to get
involved.

I slid another Lucky Strike out of the pack and fired it up. After another sip of bourbon, I
drew in deeply on my cigarette and reached for the items I’d taken out of my overcoat pocket
and laid on the desk. I picked up the blue index card with the code. BXK+A261184. I was
now almost certain that the Colonel had sent this to me. Was I supposed to know what the
numbers and letters meant?

I spent the next several hours smoking one cigarette after another and attempting to solve the
code. I looked through reference books, racked my brain, analyzed, and stared until my eyes
started to loose focus. It was useless. I’d always believed I had a knack for codes and
brainteasers, but I had to admit I was beaten at the moment.

I wasn’t in the right frame of mind for solving puzzles. I turned off the lamp on my desk and
paced slowly around my office, stopping occasionally to refill my glass, pick up a smoke, or
stare out the windows at the black-cold night and the crimson moon which stared back like a
blood-shot eye.

I did a lot of thinking while the city slept. I thought about the Colonel. I tried to remember
every detail of my dealings with the countess. Had she sent someone to follow me? It was the
only explanation that made sense. And why bother to jump me, when all I was planning on
doing was returning the statuette and getting paid? Throw the code into the mix, and it was
like trying to assemble three jigsaw puzzles from one big pile of pieces.

My mind wandered. I thought about fate and wondered if there was any reason for why things
turn out the way they do. Around 4 A.M., I decided there wasn’t. There’s no finish line, no
final payoff. You just keep breathing until your body gives up, and in the meantime, it’s a
matter of survival.

And groups like the Crusade for Genetic Purity didn’t make things any easier. What the hell
did they know? When it came right down to it, we were all Mutants, genetically or otherwise.
What did it matter if someone’s face was covered with radiation scars? Everyone carries
around as much damage as the next guy. A dame with a beautiful face and spotless DNA
