Page 62

–– CHAPTER ELEVEN ––

I was back at the window overlooking the street when the first rays of sunlight knifed through
the blood red sky. Feeling like a voyeur, but glad to see a familiar human being, I stared as
Chelsee walked to her newsstand from the direction of the Brew & Stew. There was no one
else on the street, though I could see speeders beginning to dot the sky in the distance, over
the new city. I watched as Chelsee opened bundles of newspapers and laid them in neat piles
on the counter. Even from across the street, I could see faint clouds of her warm breath. It was
an appealing sight.

I ran my bourbon-soaked tongue over my teeth. My breath would probably scare off a pit bull.
Down at the newsstand, Chelsee finished arranging her papers and then sat on a high stool
with her knees up and hands cupped around a large plastic mug, undoubtedly full of Louie’s
panacean coffee.

I glanced at my watch. It was 6:54. I trudged to the bathroom, splashed some water on my
face, and brushed my teeth. Twice. There was a vague sensation in the back of my head like
an echo of a hangover. I grabbed a plastic bottle, shook out four aspirin, and took them with
water straight from the tap. A little aftershave, and I was good as new.

Chelsee looked up as my clanging footsteps reverberated noisily off the rusty fire escape and
ricocheted down the empty, puddle-pocked street. Damn, it was nippy. I crossed to the
newsstand where she was huddled over her coffee, soaking up a java-steam facial treatment.

Chelsee Bando was a rare dame - that kind that could hold her own with anyone, as well as
turn a man’s knees to jelly. Long, blond hair, blue eyes, perfect teeth, and the kind of voice
that curled your toes. Every dope in the neighborhood had the hots for Chelsee, but she
seemed to think she was just one of the guys. Unfortunately, she had all those curvy parts to
complicate things. On any normal day, I would’ve made polite conversation, brought up the
suggestion that we go out sometime, get shot down, then leave.

After a sleepless night, I didn’t feel up to it. To Chelsee’s amazement, I actually bought a
paper, politely thanked her, and headed for Louie’s diner. Safely in the warm belly of the
Brew & Stew, I proceeded to fill my veins with steaming caffeine. The diner had a good-sized
breakfast crowd, and Louie was bustling around, too busy for idle chitchat. It was just as well.
I wasn’t in a verbal mood.

Louie’s television, mounted in the upper right corner behind the bar, was turned on to a
morning show, hosted by two wide-eyed “beautiful people.” The program seemed to be a
cross between a fourth grade show-and-tell and an infomercial. I was too beat for such
mindless joy and turned my attention to the sports section of my newspaper.

I finished the crossword puzzle and my ninth cup of Armageddon a little after eight o’clock. It
was late enough, and I was sufficiently wired, so I got up and left the diner. The interior of my
speeder was like an icebox. Ten minutes later, I was cruising over an old part of the city, near
Oakland, as run-down an area as the one I lived in. As I flew over the rubble-strewn streets
and disintegrating apartment complexes, I had to wonder how much longer the Mutants would
put up with the current state of affairs. The war had pretty much obliterated the middle-class.
The rich, for the most part Norms, had decided to build the new city and leave the old city in
