Page 63

ruins. The only sections they’d cleaned up were the prime ones, along the bay. The Mutants,
along with destitute Norms like myself, were left with the scraps.

Melahn Tode’s residence was a nineteenth-century brownstone, the color of a used cigarette
filter. Columns rose in front of the building, cracked and stained, like an old man’s fingers. I
walked to the front door and saw the word Knickerbocker stenciled over cheap stained glass.
Pushing the door open released the odor of rotten wood and ancient dust. The landing was
unlit, and the walls and floor were a uniform shade of soil. I glanced at the row of mail slots
and saw the name M. Tode listed for apartment eleven.

Three flights of stairs later, I was slightly out of breath, and the stale air wasn’t helping. I
reached number eleven and paused to collect myself before knocking. After several moments,
the door opened just enough to reveal a long, shapely leg, a white terry cloth bathrobe, and a
cascade of untamed blond hair. Even with only a sliver showing, Melahn Tode was certainly
an eyeful. She checked me over thoroughly before saying anything.

“What do you want?”

I pulled out my wallet, flipped it open to my fake police ID, and held it squarely in front of
her light blue eyes.

Melahn looked back at me casually. “What do you want?”

I reached into my pocket and held up the photo of her and the Colonel. I didn’t react as her
hand shot out from behind the door and snatched the picture. The sudden movement had
pushed the door open halfway. As she examined the photo, I couldn’t help but notice that her
robe had loosened some, revealing the center third of an amazingly constructed torso. Only
money could buy that kind of sculpture.

Melahn glanced up at me sharply. “Where’d you get this?”

We found it at the Colonel’s office. He’s missing. We’re pretty sure he’s been murdered. And
we’re hoping you know something that will help us in our investigation.”

Melahn stood as still as a statue for several seconds, then turned away from the door and
walked into her apartment. Since she didn’t slam the door, I took it as a cue and followed her
in. She crossed the room to a small hutch and poured herself a half glass of something clear.
Her hand shook as she took a long drink. It wasn’t water. Melahn turned to me, and I barely
detected a throb in her voice. “What happened?”

For some reason, I hadn’t thought about what effect the news of the Colonel’s death would
have on a paroled prostitute. Now, staring at Melahn, I felt stupid and uncomfortable. I wasn’t
sure if I should make an attempt to comfort her - which I suddenly wanted to do - or stick to
the facts and get through this as quickly as possible. I decided to try and make it as gentle as I
could.

“He was abducted from his office. It may have had something to do with one of the cases he
was working on.”
