Page 64

Cradling her drink in both hands, Melahn sat down on a wicker chair and stared miserably at
the floor. “He said he wasn’t going to take any more cases. He said he was done with all that.”
Melahn looked up at me and took another drink of stabilizing fluid. “We were going away
together…at the end of the month. He was going to retire…and we were…”

Without looking at me, Melahn sprang up and bolted from the room. I watched her leave and
decided I needed to smoke. An ashtray with several cigarette butts in it sat on the coffee table
in front of the sofa, so I figured it would be OK.

I’d almost finished my cigarette when Melahn came back into the room. Even with no
makeup and red, puffy eyes, she was beautiful. The body, the face…but there was more to it
than that. I’d never been a good judge of female character - my wife had sworn to that under
oath in divorce court - but something indefinable about Melahn told me that there was a good
deal more to her than I, or maybe anyone else, had first thought. The Colonel must’ve seen
whatever it was she had. Maybe he’d met her through one of his cases and helped her back on
her feet. He’d always been smarter than I was.

But now he was dead, and I wasn’t. Melahn sat back down on the wicker chair and buried her
nose in a tissue as I stubbed out my Lucky Strike. “I hope you don’t mind.”

Melahn shook her head. I looked at her, knowing that I needed her to talk to me, but not sure
how, or if the subject should be broached. Luckily, she took a shaky breath and looked over at
me. “Sorry, I haven’t cried in years.”

I nodded. She dabbed her nose and leaned forward, elbows on her knees. After a moment, she
glanced at me. “You’re not a cop.”

I paused and thought it over, then shook my head. “No, I’m not. I’m a PI…and an old friend
of the Colonel’s.”

Melahn nodded. After a few seconds, she straightened up and pulled her robe tight. “What do
you want to know?”

I shrugged. “Anything. I’m just trying to find out who would’ve killed him.”

“I can’t help you. Roy never talked about his work. And we’d only been seeing each other for
a few months. I knew him, but not about the other things in his life.” She raised the tissue to
her nose, then folded her hands in her lap. She didn’t look like a hooker. “That was the way
he wanted it. He said we were starting over, together. We didn’t talk about other things.”

A wave of disappointment washed over me. I didn’t want to be insensitive, but I’d been
hoping that Melahn could help. Apparently, she couldn’t. I believed what she was telling me,
as much as I didn’t want to hear it.

“Tell me, Melahn, is there anything you can think of…anything…Roy…said during the past
few times you saw him?”

Melahn’s eyes focused on the floor thoughtfully. After some time, she shook her head. “No.”
