Page 65

I looked up at the ceiling. Maybe I was asking the wrong questions. “Do you remember him
saying anything about CAPRICORN?”

Melahn’s head moved slowly from side to side.

“How about something called the Winter Chip?”

“No.”

Melahn stared back at me, her eyes were starting to brim again as she said, “I’m sorry.”

I was sorry too, and for more than one reason. I stood up and walked to where she was sitting.
She looked up as I put my hand on her shoulder. “Me too. I’m sorry about what happened,
and I’m sorry I had to tell you.”

I reached into the inner pocket of my overcoat. All I could find was a cash register receipt. I
wrote on the back of it, then handed it to Melahn. “Here’s my name and my number. If you
can think of anything, or if I can help in any way at all, give me a ring.”

Melahn nodded. I felt like dirt and really wanted to get home and shower. There was probably
something I should have said, but I couldn’t think of anything constructive. I put on my hat
and walked to the door.

“Wait.”

I turned around, and Melahn stood up. “Roy left some things here. You can see them if you
think it’ll help.”

I crossed the room and followed Melahn into her bedroom. She looked into a closet and
several drawers and laid a handful of items on the bed. There was a hardback novel, which I
flipped through and found nothing in, a pair of cheap reading glasses, a tartan vest, two shirts,
a pair of khaki trousers, and a half dozen boxer shorts. I didn’t bother to search the undies,
and the shirts and pants turned up nothing. I’d just about decided that I’d hit a dead end when
I checked the watch pocket of the vest. Inside was a notebook, about two by three inches. I
held it up. “Do you mind if I borrow this?”

Melahn shook her head and began to gather up the items as I left the room. I reached the door
and glanced back. She had sat down on the edge of the bed, her face in her hands. I turned and
closed the door quietly behind me.

As I walked down the stairs, I flipped through the notebook. Something fluttered out and
dropped to the floor. It was a clipping from a newspaper, folded up. As I opened it, a picture
in the center caught my eye. It was a photo of the countess’s statuette.
