Page 66

–– CHAPTER TWELVE ––

I checked my watch as I left the Knickerbocker building. It was just after 9am. I'd been up for
almost a day and a half, and it felt more like 21 o'clock… p.m. Louie's coffee had sobered me
up, and now I needed another drink.

I lifted off and headed for the nearest bar. Why did the Colonel have a photo of the statuette?
Suddenly, his disappearance was connected to the bogus Countess. When I'd been in the
Police Commissioner's office, I honestly hadn't thought I was even remotely involved in the
Colonel's murder, but now I was starting to think maybe I was. But how? I needed bourbon
and time to meditate. I glanced down at the street below and caught sight of a sign: The
Gaslight Lounge. The open sign was lit up, and I still had $40 in my wallet. The Gaslight
Lounge looked like just the kind of dive a destitute PI would waste the last of his cash in.

It was dark and stinky inside-a perfect place to think and drink when one's biological clock is
on the fritz. I ordered a serving of Old Grand-Dad with a sidecar from a bartender named
Denny and carried the Papa glass and the Baby glass to a circular booth in the corner. The
malt was cheap, but adequate, all things considered. As the harsh, caramelly taste ran down
my throat and blazed a trail into my stomach, I pulled out the newspaper clipping and
examined it.

The article said that a daring heist had been pulled off in a museum in Berlin. The only item
stolen was the statuette shown in the photo. The article went on to say that the statuette had
only recently been unearthed while renovating an old section of the city. There was no date
shown anywhere on the clipping.

I took another sip of Old Grand-Dad and closed my eyes. My brain was filled with puzzle
pieces that didn't seem to fit together. The first piece was the Colonel stopping by my office
for no apparent reason. Then there was the call from that “Countess". She hires me to find this
statuette, claiming that it's an old family heirloom that had been stolen from her. Of course,
she's lying, but I don't know it at the time. I take the job, find out about Eddie Ching, and
follow his trail to Mexico City. I find out that he's in some sort of illegal exporting business,
but how the statuette got from the museum in Berlin to Ching's apartment is a complete
mystery. Regardless, I get the statuette, but it's stolen from me in Brownsville. All indications
point to me being set up and followed. According to the police, the Colonel disappeared about
the same time I left town, and the newspaper clipping in the notebook shows that he probably
knew about the statuette before I did.

Now, for the questions: How, if at all, was the statuette connected to the abduction of the
Colonel? Were the people who set me up and jumped me the same people who kidnapped,
and possibly killed, the Colonel? How did Eddie Ching fit into the picture? Why did everyone
want to get their hands on the statuette?

Maybe I could find some answers in the Colonel's notebook. I opened it, half-expecting to see
a comprehensive listing of women's names, addresses, phone numbers, and vital statistics. Not
that that would have been necessarily bad. The Colonel had always had good taste with regard
to the fairer sex. But my suspicions were unfounded. As I flipped through, I saw everything
from Freudian doodles to grocery lists, but nothing noteworthy.
