Page 67

Then, close to the end of the used pages, I ran across something that reminded me of the
mysterious index card I'd received in the Mail. The Colonel had jotted down a series of letters
and numbers: BCM1206428X8. But this was the Colonel's personal notepad. Why would he
use a coded message to himself? It had to mean something.

The code was too long for a licence plate or vid-phone number. I looked it over for several
minutes, then noticed something interesting. If I inserted two spaces and two slashes, I got
BCM 12/06/42 8X8. I checked the date on my watch. December 8. And the last time I
checked, it was 2042. The centre part of the code was 12/06/42. It had to be a date... the day
before yesterday.

I poured the contents of my sidecar into the larger class. BCM, BCM. The letters seemed
somehow familiar. I lifted a glass of bourbon. Three booths away, I saw a tiny, elderly
grandmother-type reading a newspaper. The Bay City Mirror. BCM.

I looked down at the notebook. Bay City Mirror, 6th December, 2042. It had to be the answer.
But what was the 8X8? Maybe it referred to an article on page eight, in the eighth column. I
thought it over four minutes, then decided not to worry about it for the time being. The bottom
line was, there might be a message of some kind contained in the newspaper from two days
ago.

Now, where to get one? The public library kept them. I started to gather up my things, then
stopped. Maybe there was one here at the Lounge. It was worth a try. I sidled up to where
Denny the Bartender was standing behind the bar, applying a lemon wedge to the rim of a
glass containing some sort of sissified cocktail.

Denny glanced up at me blandly. "Help ya?"

"Another Old Grand-Dad please. Straight up."

Denny nodded and had a tumbler in front of me momentarily. He didn't seem overly friendly,
so I handed him a ten. "Keep the change."

Denny raised an eyebrow and gave me a reassessing look. Apparently I didn't look like a
tipper. "Thanks." He opened a register and deposited the ten, pulled out a five, and dropped it
into a big glass jar, then turned back to me.

"Want some peanuts? Or I think I got some goldfish crackers around here somewhere, if you
like those."

"No, thanks. Actually, I was wondering if you might possibly have for the Bay City Mirror
from a couple of days ago."

Denny furrowed his substantial brow. "Lemme think. I might have one laying around
somewhere. I got today's. Louise is reading it."

He motioned toward the dowager three booths away from mine.

"No. I need the want from the day before yesterday. The 6th."
The Bartender pursed his lips importantly. "I'll see what I can do. Go ahead and have a seat."
