Page 68

I thanked him and return to my booth. Denny disappeared into some nook behind the bar.
Impatiently, I glanced around and, for the first time, looked closely at the surroundings. The
Lounge had probably been something special in its heyday. The silver-sheened wallpaper
was-top-of-the line a hundred years ago. Now it was patched and dull, like most of the
clientele, at least those I could make out in the dim, smoky light. There was a pretty good
crowd for the time of day. At least a dozen people were drinking alone in books or at tables.
Three college kids were shooting pool on a single table crammed into one corner. A handful
of haggard regulars were clustered at one end of the bar, engaging in barfly banter.

Half a smoke later, Denny stopped by and handed me a newspaper. I thanked him and spread
it out across the tabletop. I started by turning to page A8. There were only six columns. In
fact, none of the pages had more than six columns. I'd never noticed. I checked the 8th
paragraph, the 8th sentence, the 8th line, and the 8th story. Nothing.

I moved on to B8, then repeated the process for the C, D and E sections. All came up empty. I
turn back to the front page and started a methodical search. There was no way to know what I
was looking for, so I made sure to inspect every word closely. By the time I hit the local-news
section, however, it struck me that I wasn't conducting a very logical search. If I wanted to
leave a message in a newspaper, where would I place it? I flipped to the back and found the
classifieds.

This portion of the newspaper, unlike the others, was divided into 10 columns. I turned
excitedly to the 8th page and read the entire 8th column, but nothing stood out. I tried other
combinations of 8 and 8. Three cigarettes later, I had squat. I was tempted to abandon hope,
but I still had a strong hunch I was on the right path. Since I didn't have to be anywhere
anytime soon, I decided to cover the entire classifieds section.

Other than an embarrassing fascination with the Women Seeking Women personals, I'd never
had much interest in this part of the paper. For me, it was the sports section, the comics page,
my horoscope, and maybe the crossword puzzle. The personal ads were a seedy, pathetically
lonely place I'd never wanted to visit.

Undaunted, I pulled a pen out of the breast pocket of my coat and began scanning. As I read
through Men Seeking Women, I marvelled that guys who obviously had difficulty meeting
women in person would be capable of such macho posturing. As I perused Women Seeking
Men, I wondered at the level of desperation that drove these ladies to pay good money to
advertise for Mr Right. As I scanned the Women Seeking Women, vague visions of
naughtiness danced in my head.

I stopped cold at Men Seeking Men. I guessed I'd been wrong about the code in the Colonel's
notebook. There didn't seem to be anything relevant in the newspaper. He certainly wouldn't
have been corresponding in the Men Seeking Men section. Not the Colonel. Not that I had a
problem with it. I'd always been an open minded, live-and-let-live kind of guy. It was just
that... well, it was like country music. Some people really liked it, and that was fine. It just
wasn't my bag, so to speak.
I picked up my lighter and clicked it open and shut several times. I knew I should check it out
anyway. At least I was in an anonymous setting where no one I knew would catch me
hunched over, intently studying the Men Seeking Men section. I glanced around, just to be
sure, and then started going through the entries.
