Page 69

I was prepared for some weirdness, but the fourth ad was especially odd: "I gave the extra one
to David. He seems elated. Counting exact as per policy norm." It certainly wasn't much of a
personal ad. I had a feeling it was what I'd been looking for.

I checked the Colonel's notebook. What was the damn 8X8 reference? Maybe it had
something to do with counting exact as per policy norm. I tapped a pencil against my cheek. I
was missing something. Maybe the word norm was important. 8X8. Eight times eight.
Multiplication had always been one of my strong suits-using single-digit numbers, at any rate.
That would be sixty-four. I counted the letters in the message. There were sixty-four.

Maybe I was on to something. I moved my glass of bourbon to the side and set the cocktail
napkin on the newspaper. Using my pen, I copied down every eight Letter. EEHLNCOM.
That wasn't it. I tried every eighth letter starting with the second letter, then the third, and so
on. No dice. I tried every other letter, then every third letter, but came up empty doing that as
well.

Sherlock Holmes might've called this a "three pipe problem." All I had was Lucky strikes, so I
slid another one out of the pack and lit it. C'mon, nicotine. I walked to the bar and took a stack
of napkins. Back at my table, I balled up the first napkin and tossed it to the side. 8X8. There
was something to that, otherwise the Colonel would've just written 64. I started copying the
message. IGAVETHE. After eight letters, I stopped and started another row. EXTRAONE. if
I kept doing this, I'd end up with a square of letters, eight by eight!

I started copying more quickly. After a minute, I had the entire message written down:

IGAVETHE
EXTRAONE
TODAVIDH
ESEEMSEL
ATEDCOUN
TINGEXAC
TASPERPO
LICYNORM

It looked like a word-search puzzle. Unfortunately, at first it didn't play like one. After several
minutes, I hadn't found any significant words except the ones in the original message. Then I
saw it. Running diagonally from the lower left corner to the upper right corner were the words
land mine. There was a dance club in the new city called The Land Mine. From what I'd
heard, it was something of a college hangout. It wasn't in my Happenings book, so I'd never
gone there.

I checked the other diagonal. IXDECXPM. If I hadn't been looking for it, I probably would
have missed it. Adding a few dashes made it IX-DEC-X-PM. 9 December, 10pm. There it
was. A planned meeting. I had the time and the place. The Colonel was supposed to meet
someone at The Land Mine the following night at 10 o'clock. He wouldn't be there... but I
would. Now the question was, who was going to be waiting there? And how was I going to
find them?
