Page 70

–– CHAPTER THIRTEEN ––

It was 9:30-in the morning-and I'd already showered and shaved. My teeth were polished, and
my fingernails were trimmed. My cuticles were impeccable. I was wearing a clean, cream-
coloured long-sleeved shirt, my good olive trousers with the perma-crease and pleats, and an
understated burgundy tie with a chess-piece motif. I was lean, neat and smelled spicy. My
wallet contained all of twenty-two dollars, and I wasn't on anyone's payroll, but I was fresh
from a 19 hour coma, and it was a good day.

I collected my tan trench from the coatrack and slipped it on. I then picked up my cocoa-
brown fedora, removed a mysterious twig from the brim, and set it on my head at a sassy
angle. I checked for wallet, keys, smokes, and lighter, and then set out with intentions of
breaking my fast.

As I locked the office door behind me and stepped out onto the fire escape landing, I tried to
put my finger on what had changed my outlook. It had to have been breaking the code from
the Colonel's notebook. Maybe I'd been afraid my lost month had turned my brain into pickle
juice, and actually figuring something out was proof that it hadn't. And, even though I wasn't
getting paid for tracking down the Colonel's killer, at least it was more exciting than my last
project before I started drinking: constructing the world's largest ball of cigarette foil.

For the first time in weeks, the sun was out. It was still a few degrees below comfortable, but
it felt pretty good after the clouds and rain of the past several days. As I trotted down the fire
escape, I noticed Chelsee at the newsstand. She was wearing a bright red sweater and a bag-
like, though attractive, hat with a flower in it. With any luck, my businesslike attitude of the
morning before would have her intrigued and eager to talk to me. Immediately, my fancy
turned to thoughts of amore. The old Murphy charm seethed and boiled inside me. I could feel
it coiled like a cobra, ready to hypnotize his victim, then strike.

I strode jauntily across the street. Ever since I'd met Chelsee, right after moving into the Ritz,
we'd always gone through the same little ritual every time I'd visit the newsstand. I'd strike up
a conversation, we'd flirt a little bit, and then I'd ask her out and she'd turn me down. She
always claimed it was irritating; I preferred to think of it as foreplay. This morning, however,
the ice would break. Chelsee smiled and waved, completely unaware of her impending doom.

"Hello, stranger."

"You know, Chelsee, I can't keep it inside any longer. Every time I see you, you break my
heart."

A malicious glint flashed in Chelsee's eyes. "Why? Because I've got a steady job?"

Oof.

"No. You're just so beautiful it makes me ache."

Chelsee pouted most attractively. "Poor baby."

I leaned onto the counter. "Let me buy you a drink, and I'll tell you where it hurts."
