Page 71

Chelsee raised an elegant eyebrow. "Gee, Tex, that kind of talk could get you into trouble."

Her come-hither tone had me up on my hind legs like a Wiener dog begging for a piece of
jerky. I clasped my hands. "That's all I'm asking for. Just a little bit of trouble."

My dream girl wagged a finger at me. "You know I don't drink with customers."

"Don't toy with me, Chelsee. I've seen you and Louie shooting tequila at the Brew and Stew."

"Oh, Louie doesn't count, and you know it."

I could sense she was about to change the subject on me, but I wasn't about to break off my
pursuit. Maybe if I sweetened the deal... "C'mon. Let me buy you a drink. I'd be happy to
throw in a chilly dog-"

Well, an offer like that is hard to refuse... but no, thanks."

Her tone implied firmly that, once again, her snowshoe-hare love had eluded my panting-wolf
yearning. I'd also wasted my chili-dog gambit, which I had used previously with great
success. She was truly a strong-willed woman.

"Well, I'll leave you to your work. Doesn't hurt to ask, does it?"

Chelsee flashed her perfect smile.

The Brew & Stew was always more peaceful in the mornings. The nighttime sounds of
inebriated laughter and clinking glasses were replaced with a rustle of newspapers, yawning,
and loud stretching. A majority of the folks in the surrounding neighbourhood relied
exclusively on Louie's Armageddon to stimulate their synaptic functions and get their heart
rates out of the single digits. On most mornings (or, more often, early afternoons) I, too, was a
card-carrying member of the Coffee Generation. Today, though, felt different. Not that I
would dream of skipping the Armageddon-it was just that I couldn't remember the last time I
hadn't woken up bleary-eyed and lethargic.

I sat down at the counter as Louie burst out of the kitchen through the swinging doors, his
stubby arms balancing half-a-dozen plates piled high with breakfast fare. He gave me a wink
and steered his girth around the end of the bar. A newspaper was sitting unused on the
counter. I dragged it over and started to scan the front page as I lit up an appetizer. The lead
story was about the Capricorn bombing. I read the article and was interested to see that
Interpol had taken over the investigation, though it didn't appear that they were close to
making any arrests.

I inhaled the sweet tobacco taste and wondered if there was a connection between the
Colonel's death and the Capricorn bombing. In my mind, they were obviously linked in some
way. I thought about the rendezvous the Colonel had planned for that evening. Did it have
anything to do with Capricorn? I went over the things I'd seen on the Colonel's videodisc. The
killer seemed to think that the Colonel was in cahoots with Capricorn, and that he had this
thing they referred to as the Winter Chip. Maybe the Colonel's contact at The Land Mine was
someone from Capricorn. It seemed as likely as anything else, but why would they have to be
so clandestine about it?
