Page 72

An oversized mug of coffee being slid in front of me interrupted my musings. I picked it up
and glanced at Louie as I blew steam away and took a sip. He smiled widely and nodded his
head. "You look good, Murph."

I took another drink and felt even more rejuvenated. "I feel good."

Louie reached for a menu and dropped it in front of me. "Order somethin'."

I took a drag and smiled at Louie. "What do I want?"

Louie raised his eyebrows and went back into the kitchen without saying a word. I had some
more of the Armageddon and turned my attention back to the newspaper. I perused the front
section of the newspaper and ran across quite a few articles related to the bombing, as well as
the growing unrest between Mutants and Norms. One of the articles even compared it to the
events leading up to the American Civil War. That seemed a little much to me, but it made
good for copy.

By the time I finished the initial section of the paper, I decided I'd had enough of political
rhetoric and turned to the sports section. I'd  just completed my analysis of the box scores
when Louie re-emerged from the kitchen and laid a large,  heaping platter and a set of
silverware in front of me.

The platter was just big enough to hold a massive omelette, a pile of fried potatoes, and three
slices of wheat toast. Louie ducked back into the kitchen and returned a moment later with a
large glass of orange juice.

"You gotta drink this juice, Murph. You know, you've really got to keep up on yer vitamin C
on account of all the smokin' you do."

I raised the glass and took a sip. Mmm. Fresh-squeezed and icy cold. "Pretty good-tasting
medicine, Louie."

I grabbed the fork and cut out a big slice of the omelette. Anywhere but the Brew & Stew, I'd
do an autopsy on a mystery omelette before diving into it, but if I couldn't trust Louie, who
could I trust?

My trust was well-placed. It was a chili verde filling, with large chunks of chicken. There was
just enough bite from the chilies, but not so much that it obscured the sweeter tastes of onion
and tomato. As I chewed leisurely, savouring the flavours, I reached for a thick slice of wheat
toast and spread a generous layer of strawberry jam over the top of it. When I finished, I dug
my fork into the fried potatoes. As I took a bite, I detected a hint of garlic. The potatoes were
unbelievably good, sauteed in butter with chunks of onion and, if I wasn't mistaken, tiny bits
of real crumbled bacon.

As usual, Louie stuck around to watch me eat. Cooking was his calling in life, and seeing
people enjoy his work was his greatest reward. He sipped his coffee expectantly. "Good?"

My mouth was full. I nod vigorously, then washed it down with a long sip of Armageddon.
