Page 73

"You are a true artist. The Picasso of potatoes. The O'Keeffe of omelettes."

I took a hearty bite of toast as Louie refilled my mug and topped off his own. He set the pot
down and then had another sip.

"Ya look like a new man. What's the story? You in love or somethin'?"

I shook my head. "God, no." I took another drink of orange juice. "I'm working on a case, and
it's starting to get interesting."

I filled Louie in on most of what happened up to that point. Louie had been disgusted when I
told him about the dog and the finger, and appropriately saddened at the likelihood of the
Colonel's death, but then he'd never met the Colonel. The big mutant had enjoyed my
description of Melahn and had perked right up when I'd illustrated how I'd broken the
Colonel's code.

"So, you got some kinda secret meeting tonight. Now I see what's got ya pepped up."

I nodded, my mouth full of chili verde and spicy potatoes. Louie leaned onto the counter.
"You still got that blue card with the numbers on it?"

I wiped my hands on a napkin and pulled the card out of my overcoat pocket. Louie took it
from me and examined it closely as he drank his coffee. He stared at the code for a good five
minutes as I finished most of the omelette and all of the potatoes. When I'd pushed the plate
away, he handed the card back to me. "You'd think we could figure that thing out."

Louie sounded a little frustrated. It was bothering me too, since I'd begun to feel strongly that
it had something to do with the case. I looked at the card again, thinking it might be easier to
figure out now. It wasn't. There was nothing resembling a date, and BXK didn't seem to be the
initials of a publication, though the A2 could refer to a newspaper section.

For now, it didn't matter. I was full of good food, enjoying in after-meal smoke, and all was
right with the world. I pocketed the index card and had another hit off the Armageddon. Louie
topped off my mug. "Anything else I can get ya, Murph?"

I shook my head. "You've made me very happy, Louie. The only thing I'd want right now is
enough money to pay off my tab."

Louie waved a hand at me and walked off, coffee pot in hand, to check the well-being of the
other customers. I switched my half-burned cigarette to the other hand and went back to the
newspaper. I read through the comics, then started where I'd left off on the front end of the
paper.

I skipped most of the articles until I found one about the Moon Child. I remembered the name
from watching television in the hospital in Brownsville. Apparently, the Moon Child was
more like a satellite station than a spacecraft. The author of the article said that details were
kept secret, but estimated that it would have cost hundreds of millions, maybe billions to
construct. The author speculated on where that kind of money came from. The official
statement from the Crusade for Genetic Purity said that the Moon Child had been funded by
