Page 74

private contributions. Maybe I was in the wrong line of work. Organised religion had always
been where the real money was.

I flipped through pages until I caught sight of a familiar face in a wire photograph. It was
Lowell Percival, President of Lowell Percival Enterprises. With all the excitement, I'd
forgotten about wanting to see him. Alaynah had said that Percival would be out of the office
for a few days and hadn't made an appointment for me. I'd have to call her later. I had hoped
that he could shed a little light on things. At the very least, he might know what all the fuss
was regarding the statuette.

Before I did anything, though, I still had one mug of Armageddon to go before reaching full-
throttle. On cue, Louie swung by and refilled me. I read the article that featured a photo of
Percival. It mentioned that he was now the richest man in the world, overtaking the Sultan of
Brunei through shrewd business dealings and creating a monopoly in off-planet mining
operations. The article mentioned his various philanthropic gestures and detailed his
unrivalled collection of art, first-edition literature, and historical documents.

When I finished the Percival story, I went through the remainder of the newspaper, finding
nothing particularly worth reading. I reached the back end and the personal ads. Maybe there
was another message to find. I glanced around and turn to see the Men Seeking Men section.
Scanning quickly, I ran my finger down the columns of anonymous messages. There didn't
seem to be any entries like the one I'd found yesterday.

"Oh, my God."

My head snapped up, and I whipped my head round to see Rook leaning over my shoulder.
He walked off and sat down, two bar stools to my right, shaking his head. I closed the
newspaper. "It's not what you think."

Rook gave me the eye. "Really?"

"Yeah. And even if it were, it wouldn't be any of your business."

Rock leaned forward and peered at me over his glasses. "Murphy, I couldn't care less about
whatever lifestyle you choose to practice. But stooping to the use of personal advertising, why
it's despicable."

If I'd really cared what Rook thought, maybe I would've taken the time to explain the
situation, but I didn't feel like letting the dried-up little bastard ruin my sunny mood. I folded
the newspaper under my arm and stood up. Rook looked up at me. "Found a hot one, did we?
Better run back to the office and make a call. True love is so hard to find these days."

Louie stepped back behind the bar. "You hassling Murph again, Rook?"

Rook gestured toward me. "Lord, No. I'm sharing in his good fortune. It seems he's just a
phone call away from meeting Mr Right."

Louie gave me a confused look. I just shook my head. "It's a long story, Louie. I'll tell you
about it later. Thanks for breakfast."
