Page 75

I walked to the door and stepped outside. With the nicer weather, the neighbourhood was
busier than it had been for days. I walked back to my office, waved to Chelsee, and climbed
the fire escape. At the top, I sat down and unfolded the newspaper, then turned to the
personals and went through them.

There were a number of hideously intriguing entries, but none related to the matter at hand. I
turned to the entertainment section and lit a cigarette. It was nice to be outside in the warm
weather. I read several articles then came across the movie listing. The Bijou was showing a
double feature of The Big Sleep and The Maltese Falcon. It didn't get any better than that, and
I had most of a day to kill before my appointment at the Land Mine. I checked my watch; I
could see the twin bill and still have time to swing by LPE before five. If Percival wasn't
there, I'd make an appointment with Alaynah. I walked to my speeder and waved at Chelsee
as I climbed inside. Then I lifted off and headed downtown.

There weren't many theatres still in business, and most of them were porno dives. The decline
in popularity was due to a lot of factors. Going out at night had gotten to be a dangerous
proposition, and pay-per-view allowed people to order new releases and watch them without
having to leave the safety of their homes. Interactive movies were more popular with younger
viewers than plain old motion pictures. And Hollywood had been taken over by businessmen
who wouldn't know a good script from a take-out menu. Theatres had been forced to raise
their ticket prices to compensate for smaller audiences, and that just worsened the situation.

As far as I was concerned, technology couldn't touch the old-fashioned movie-going
experience. I spent most of the afternoon sprawled in a rickety theatre seat, wondering why no
one made great movies any more. True film noir had disappeared about the same time as the
American Dream, and the world was an emptier place without it. Oh sure, film-makers had
tried to recapture the look, but there was always something missing. Bogart, maybe. He was
the man.

As I sat in the dark, nearly empty movie house, watching the two best detective flicks ever
made, I felt a sense of destiny that had been missing from my life for a long time. I
remembered why I'd gone into the PI business. Most everyone I'd grown up and gone to
school with had gone into some computer-related field. I'd heard somewhere that 70 per cent
of the US workforce was now in the PC or online business. What had started out as an
intriguing convenience had become Big Brother. Now everyone's existence was reduced to
zeros and ones, documented and stored on the internet. I watched Bogart light a cigarette and
longed for simpler times.

Like movie theatres, old-fashioned gumshoes were a vanishing breed. The computer boom
had created a new type of P I: the Web detective. They did a lot of the same things I did, only
they did it from a comfortable chair in front of a monitor. But they couldn't do everything.
Knowing how to operate a PC didn't help when it came to squeezing information out of a
reluctant witness. And sometimes the only way to track down a lead was by pounding the
pavement or doing an all-night stakeout. It made me happy to think that not everything had
changed from 100 years ago.

It was 25 minutes to five when I stepped out of the theatre and waited for my eyes to adjust. I
was feeling mentally and spiritually fortified. Louie's hearty breakfast was still tiding me over
nicely, so I'd been able to skip the popcorn. Of course, I was now down to a single $10 bill in
my wallet, so I couldn't have bought popcorn anyway.
