Page 76

I made the quick flight to the Lowell Perceval Enterprises building and managed to catch
Alaynah just to she was about to clock out. Our conversation was pleasant, but the lusty
magic, at least on my part, had vanished. Alaynah asked if I wanted to get a drink, but I
refused stating, honesty that I had a previous engagement. She attempted to play a one-sided
game of coquette, but gave up after seeing that I wasn't interested. With a hint of regret, she
said that Percival would be in the office the next day and pencilled me in for a 3 o'clock
appointment.

As I stepped into my office, the vid-phone beeped. I walked to the desk and answered the call.
Mac Malden's sleepy bulldog face materialized on-screen. He was sipping from a coffee cup,
a clear violation of vid-phone courtesy.

"What's going on, Mac? Got some news?"

He fixed his lethargic gaze on me. "Why else would I call you?"

"So, what did your boys find?"

The cop shook his head. "Nothing. No prints, not one identifiable item. Whoever was there
was good at covering their tracks."

Even with Malden's gang of monkeys, I hadn't expected them to find nothing. "Doesn't that
seem a little strange? I mean, not a single fingerprint?"

Mac took a drag of a Merit and shrugged. "Yeah. It's a little unusual. But there it is."

Mac set his smoke down and started working his temple with both hands. He looked as
though he could use a pick-me-up.

"Looks like you could use a Diet Donut."

Mac looked up wearily. "That's not gonna help. Interpol's sniffing around, and they're coming
in to talk to me in a few minutes. Bunch of bastards."

Wow. Interpol. This was big news.

"So, Interpol's looking into the Colonel's murder?"

Mac gave me a look that was as nervous as it was exhausted. "A couple of their agents have
been asking questions, go through the police report. They have been raking us over the coals."
Mac picked up his cigarette and took a drag. "Let me know if you find out anything about that
duchess. I've got to get ready for this meeting."

The screen went blank.

So, Interpol was getting involved. That was big news. I'd never had anything to do with the
International Criminal Police Organization. Interpol had come into existence more than 100
years before, in the 1920s, and had steadily grown in power. In the beginning, it was a records
clearing house, so that the police of one country could communicate information with another.
