Page 78

–– CHAPTER FOURTEEN ––

Two hours later, I paid the cover charge at the front door of The Land Mine and entered the
nightclub. It was still early, and there were only 20 or 30 people in the place. The cavernous
dance floor was empty, despite the whirling lights and pounding music. I hoped that I could
find my contact soon, before the inevitable headache set in.

I hated the music. It was probably a sign that I was getting old, but then , I'd never liked
contemporary music. During my horrid teenage years, techno-rap had been all the rage. At
least most of the currently fashionable music was instrumental, which was a slight
improvement. On the downside, it was heavily repetitive and seemed to avoid anything
remotely resembling melody. To me, it sounded chaotic, with most of the sounds coming
from percussion, and every instrument playing at a different tempo. Over the top of the
incessant pounding was a steady stream of sampled and computer-generated sound effects,
ranging from bits of feedback to snippets of dialogue.

I made my way to a corner and sat down on a high bar stool behind an elevated table. A
bored-looking waitress with a disturbing cool sore took down my order for a tall glass of iced
water and walked off without thanking me. I looked around the club and decided that I'd
picked the best spot to locate my contact. The bar was on my left and would give me a good
look at the faces of everyone who sat there. This was the only section of the club with seating.
The other side was dominated by the vast dance floor, which was multilayered, like half an
amphitheatre.

I figured that I'd find whoever I was supposed to meet in a booth or at a table like the one I
sitting at. I scanned the area methodically, pausing to look closely at every face. The table
next to mine was empty, but the next one was occupied by two young women. One was tall
and thin, with an unfortunate complexion and a skimpy red outfit that should have been much
looser. The other girl was beautiful, but round. She wore a black jacket over a black turtleneck
and a long black skirt. She had a lovely smile, and I found myself hoping that she wasn't there
expecting to meet someone special.

Seated at the table behind the two girls was a textbook example of a midlife crisis. The man's
hair weave looked almost real, but his outfit was unbelievable. It looked like he'd culled all
his fashion sense from Miami Vice reruns. Under a light blue pinstripe jacket, a fuchsia tee
shirt clung to a round belly. He stroked his moustache seductively and glanced provocatively
at the two girls. To my chagrin, the girl in black took favourable notice.

Beyond the Don Johnson wanna-be, a young couple groped each other at the table in a dark
corner. As they came up for air, I noticed that they had a lot in common. There were both
wearing leather jackets, both had multi-coloured hair, and their faces were decorated like
Christmas trees with various pins, studs and chains. The two of them had something else in
common: breasts. They renewed their attack on each other, and I tried not to think what would
happen if their facial jewelry got snagged.

A twenty-something young man with a goatee and glasses with oddly shaped frames sat in a
booth next to the amorous couple, obviously intrigued. To his right, another young man sat
alone. He seemed nervous, glancing around and running a hand through his short blonde hair.
