Page 79

The other booths and tables were occupied by larger groups of all shapes, sizes, ages and
persuasions. The waitress arrived with my water. I sipped it, wondering how long it'd been
since I'd drunk a clear beverage, and looked out toward the dance area. Several couples were
joined by a scattered handful of accessible-looking exhibitionists. I checked my watch-it was
five minutes to ten.

I sat at my table, sipping my free drink for another fifteen minutes. Despite my vigilance, I
saw no one who even vaguely resembled the secret-agent persona I had envisioned. I decided
to make a reconnaissance of the club. After circling the mammoth dance floor and making
quick use of the facilities, I began peering into dark corners, but without success.

I decided to return to my corner table, but it had been homesteaded by three Middle Eastern
businessmen with varying amounts of facial hair. The sight of them made me think briefly of
the man who'd murdered the Colonel, but I dismissed the notion and took a seat at the bar.

As I ordered a few more fingers of water, I caught the face of the young blonde man in the
mirror behind the bar. His nervousness seemed to have increased, and he was wringing his
hands as he looked around. He certainly didn't fit my mental picture, but I was coming up
empty and really didn't have anything to lose. I got up from my seat and crossed the room.

As I approached, the young man looked up at me fearfully. I reached the table, stopped, and
casually pulled out my pack of Luckies. I held up the pack. "You look like you could use one
of these."

The young man shook his head. "No, thanks. I don't smoke."

I shrugged and took one out for myself. "I gave the extra one to David. He seems elated."

The young man's eyes widened. I knew I'd found my man, though I felt a distinct twinge of
disappointment. This guy wasn't at all what I'd been expecting. I suppose I'd been anticipating
a David Niven-type secret agent, sipping a martini and smoking imported cigarettes. I slid
into the booth and set my cigarettes and lighter on the table.

"My name's Murphy. I'm a friend of the Colonel's. He couldn't make it."

The young man looked at me with a desperate expression his face. "Why? What happened?"

I lowered my voice. "He's disappeared. Probably dead."

"Oh my God." What colour was left in his face drained away. He picked up his glass of beer
and emptied it. "Who killed him?"

I flicked the ash off the end of my smoke. "Actually, I was hoping you might be able to shed
some light in that area."

The young man glanced at me nervously. "How should I know? I didn't even know anything
had happened to him."

"So why was he supposed to meet you here?"
