Page 80

The young man looked at me for a moment, then started to slide out from behind the table. I
grabbed his wrist and held it until he moved back. He glared at me. "Get your hand off me."

I shook my head. "Not until you answer some questions."

"I don't need to tell you anything."

I let go of his wrist, but kept my eyes locked on his.

"You're right. You don't... and you don't have reason to trust me. But I was one of the last
people to see the Colonel alive, and I want to find out what happened to him."

The young man was defiant, but scared. "And how do I know you didn't kill him? Maybe
you're here to find out what I know before you kill me."

He had a good point. I didn't have anything to convince him of my good intentions except an
honest face and a pure heart.

"Tell you what. I just want to know whatever you can tell me about the Colonel. If it'll make
you feel more comfortable, we can agree to meet someplace else. You tell me when and
where."

The young man stared at me for some time before speaking.

"All right. You fill me in on the Colonel, then I'll tell you what I can."

I looked down at the ashtray and ground out my cigarette until it quit smoking. "What's your
name?"

The young man hesitated before speaking. "Paul. Paul Dubois."

It didn't really matter if that was his real name. I just hated not having a name at my disposal.
I proceeded to tell Dubois what I'd heard and seen regarding the Colonel's disappearance, then
went on to tell him how I'd come to be at The Land Mine. I told it as straight as possible. By
the time I was finished, Dubois seemed to be buying it. That didn't surprise me. He looked as
though he wanted to find someone he could trust more than anything in the world.

When I was done talking, DuBois sat quietly, digesting what I'd told him. After several
minutes, he cleared his throat and turned to me. "You know I work for?"

"I've got a pretty good idea. I'm a Taurus, myself."

Dubois smiled and nodded. "Have you heard what's happened to our organization?"

"I know about the bombing, if that's what you're referring to."

Dibble shook his head solemnly. "The bombing was just the final blow. CAPRICORN has
been effectively destroyed."

"What do you mean?"
