Page 81

The waitress interrupted us. Dubois ordered another beer, and I asked for bourbon. I figured I
could talk young man into buying my drink. When the waitress walked off, Dubois took a
deep breath and continued in a quiet voice. "How much you know about CAPRICORN?"

I shrugged. "Not much. From what I understand, you guys do what you can to put hate groups
out of business."

Dubois nodded. "I joined CAPRICORN just over a year ago. I was a reader. My job was to
read certain publications and find discriminatory references. Whenever I did, I'd pass the
information up the ladder. If the top people felt like it was worth looking into, they'd send out
agents to determine whether or not there was a major threat involved. If the discrimination
was linked to a certain group or corporation, we'd send an agent to infiltrate. If there was a
real problem, CAPRICORN's goal was to bring down whoever it was, thereby limiting or
eliminating their power and influence."

Dubois paused. I nodded to show I was following him, and he went on. "I was never an agent,
but I did move up from my position as a reader. My new job was in resource allocation. It
required a security clearance and dealt with prepping agents who'd been assigned to infiltrate
organizations. Our department would fix up the agents with everything they'd need, and then
we'd receive reports from the agents and pass them along to the higher ups. It was while I was
in resource allocation that I first found out what was happening."

The waitress returned with our drinks. I didn't even need to ask, as Dubois handed her a ten. I
thanked my young friend and took a swallow of bourbon.

"You were saying that something was happening."

Dubois took a quick sip of beer. "Our agents were being taken out, one by one. Overnight.
Within the space of a month, practically all the reports had quit coming in. We sent out recons
to find out what had happened, and then they started disappearing. After six weeks, 90 per
cent of CAPRICORNs personnel was dead or missing. CAPRICORN just didn't operate in the
US... it was worldwide. We had thousands of agents, from Moscow to Santiago. Now, as far
as we knew, only those of us in the home office were left. There was a meeting the day before
the bombing, and everyone who attend was given final orders. I don't know what kind of
orders the others got, but mine were to meet Colonel O'Brien here and get a package from
him.

"How was the Colonel involved with CAPRICORN?"

"I'm not sure. He could've been on the Supervising Committee. We never knew any of the
committee members names."

"Any idea what was supposed to be in the package?"

Dubois shook his head. "No. And he was going to tell me what to do with the package when
he gave it to me."

I sat back and let Dubois take a drink. So, the Colonel had a package. That would explain
what his killer had been looking for. But he hadn't found it, at least not in the Colonel's office.
