Page 82

And the police hadn't found anything. Where was it? A thought occurred to me. I pulled the
blue index card from my coat and handed it to Dubois. "This mean anything to you?"

DuBois looked the card over carefully, sounding out the letters and numbers silently. After a
minute, he handed it back. "It doesn't mean anything to me. What is it?"

"Hell if I know. I got it anonymously in the mail. I think it might be related somehow to his
disappearance. I figured it might be a code, like the one I broke to find you."

Dubois shook his head. "CAPRICORN usually kept communications direct. If that wasn't
possible, we'd use messages in newspaper personal ads."

I nodded and took another sip of bourbon. Another question popped into my head.

"What do you know about something called the Winter Chip?"

Dubois almost choked on his beer. He set the glass down and wiped his mouth. His voice fell
to a hoarse whisper. "How do you know about the Winter Chip?"

"The Colonel said something about it on the disc I recovered from his office. I think it was
what his attacker was looking for. Maybe the Winter Chip was going to be in the package the
Colonel was supposed to deliver."

Dubois was silent for some time. With some resolve, he turned back to me. "Look, I don't
know that much about all this, but, since you know about the Winter Chip, I'll tell you what I
do know."

I stuck an unlit cigarette between my lips and motioned for him to continue.

"Some of the most accomplished computer scientists in the world were working on some top
secret project for CAPRICORN. I only heard rumours, but apparently they were working on
something they called the Winter Chip. I don't know what it was, or what its purpose was. I
can only tell you that it supposedly had something to do with our fight against the Crusade for
Genetic Purity. Working in the Resource Allocation department, I knew that we'd sent dozens
of agents to infiltrate the crusade. Word was, one of the agents had gotten in early and worked
himself into a high position. I don't know if he was rooted out with the other agents, but my
job was to get the package from the Colonel and leave it some place where this undercover
agent could pick it up. What he was going to do with it, I don't know."

I looked at my cigarette. It had burned halfway down without me taking a single drag. "You
have no idea who this agent is?"

"I don't. But I did find out something about the mole, as we called him. He'd been undercover
for months before I got promoted. Just after I started work at my new position, the higher-ups
requested that all of the mole's reports be sent directly to them. But I did get a peek at one
report before the order came down. It mentioned something about a plan being developed in
the Crusade, some sort of eugenic cleansing that would be used to destroy the Mutants. I also
remember reading something about Reverend Sheppard. The agents said that Sheppard wasn't
the real leader of the Crusade, that it was someone known as Phoenix. There was also a
