Page 83

reference to a Chameleon. The only other name mentioned was a professor. Perriman. I think
that was the name."

I pulled the Colonel's small notebook out of my pocket and jotted down the names Phoenix,
Chameleon, and Professor Perriman. When I finished, I glanced at Dubois. "So, what do you
do now?"

Dubois shook his head and looked into his beer. "I don't know. I haven't been able to sleep
since the bombing. I want to go back to LA and see if any others survived, but I'm afraid if I
do, someone'll find me and I'll disappear, just like the agents. “He looked up, hopefully.”What
do you think I should do?"

I'd been in some dangerous spots before, but had never run for my life, so I couldn't really
empathize with him. He was terrified, and probably with good reason.

"Do you have any family?"

"Yeah. Back in Des Moines. My mom and sister live there."

The mention of kinfolk seemed to calm Dubois. It seemed like a trip home would be just the
thing.

"Why don't you fly home for few weeks? Or the rest of your life? You'll probably never feel
safe in LA again. And what do you have to go back to?"

Dubois nodded, slowly at first, then emphatically. "You're right. That's what I'll do. “He
looked up at me.”Thanks a lot, Murphy."

He finished his beer and was starting to move out of the booth when he paused. "What are
you going to do?"

I thought about it. "Well, I guess I'll see if I can find this package the Colonel was going to
bring tonight. Then, I'll see what I can do about finding the CAPRICORN mole. Maybe
through his Professor Perriman."

Dubois slid out of the booth, stood up and extended his hand. "Good luck. It was good to meet
you."

"Likewise."

He grabbed his coat and walked around the corner to the front door. With my arm on the back
of the booth seat, I turned and looked out the window behind me. After a moment, I saw
Dubois leave the club and cross the street. I was just about to turn back to the few remaining
drops of bourbon in my tumbler, when I saw three dark figures converge on him. The
attackers weren't street kids, they were professionals. As they grabbed him, a speeder landed
nearby, and they forced him inside. At the same instant, two grim-faced men in suits with
matching bulges under their left arms approached the front door of the club.
