Page 84

I didn't bother to finish the bourbon. I bolted from my seat, trying to remember if I'd seen a
back door during my earlier reconnaissance. I couldn't recall. A quick glance out the window
told me that the men in suits had entered the club. They'd be on top of me in seconds.

I looked desperately around the room and saw the full figured girl in black, sitting alone. I
hurried over to her table and sat down. "Hello there."

She looked at me, surprised, but not unpleasantly. "High. I'm Teri."

I shook her hand, my eyes trained on the mirror behind her. The two men in suits had just
stepped around the corner and were carefully surveying the area. Teri moved her head a little
to make eye contact with me. "What's your name?"

I pried my eyes away from the mirror and looked into Teri's lovely face. "Tex. Listen, I'm
sorry to barge in on you like this, but I noticed you earlier, and I thought you might like to
dance."

Teri smiled as I glanced back at the mirror. The men had started across the room. What the
hell was I going to do?

"I'm really not much of a dancer. Why don't you just tell me about yourself? I think talking is
much more fun than dancing."

The two men were twenty feet away and getting closer. I tensed up. They weren't going to get
me without a fight. Suddenly, they turned and moved quickly in the direction of the bar. As I
breathed a sigh of relief, I heard the sound of shattering glass. I spun around to see one man
with his gun to the throat of the waitress. The other man was holding off several employees,
identification in one hand and a gun in the other. As the waitress struggled against her
abductor, a shot rang out, and the sounds of screaming joined in with the pulsating music. I
jumped up from the table and ran to the door, arriving just ahead of the panicking mob.

Bursting out of the logjam at the front door, I raced to my speeder and lifted off. As I rose
above the bedlam, I looked down and saw the doors of The Land Mine vomiting hordes of
terrified bystanders.

As I sped through the night, jumbled thoughts rattled around my head. Who had grabbed
Dubois? Were the men in suits in league with the people who had abducted Dubois, or was it
just a monumental coincidence of timing? I doubted it. From everything Dubois had told me,
the people who'd suddenly shown up were probably affiliated with the nameless group that
had destroyed CAPRICORN. Dubois was one of the last embers remaining from a nearly
extinguished brush fire. These people had tracked him down and stamped him out. But why
had they gone after the waitress? Maybe she'd been involved, too.

Fifteen minutes later, I descended on Chandler Avenue. Several speeders were parked at the
kerb in front of the Ritz, so I set down halfway between the Ritz and the Brew & Stew. I got
out of the speeder, locked it up, and started walking towards my office. As I in passed one of
the parked speeders, I heard the whirring sound of a window going down and then a female
voice. "Excuse me."
