Page 86

–– CHAPTER FIFTEEN ––

The speeder lifted off. I was in the front passenger seat, and the beautiful woman was in the
back. I couldn't see the gun, but I could feel it. I looked out of the corner of my eye at the man
driving. I guessed he was about thirty five, clean cut, with a pleasant face and a larger than
usual nose.

When we cleared the roofline, the man turned the speeder and headed into the darkness, away
from the city. My curiosity was piqued. "So, where are we going?"

"Nowhere." The beautiful woman spoke from the back seat. Her tone wasn't particularly
threatening, more businesslike than anything. "Just sit back and enjoy the ride."

"Sounds good to me. I love to fly."

The man at the wheel turned and smiled at me. "And it shows."

Unexpectedly, he extended his hand. "I'm Agent McCovey. My partner is Agent Andrews.
We're with Interpol. I hope you don't mind... we need to ask you a few questions, and were a
little pressed for time."

Even as I shook his hand, I wasn't altogether certain whether I should be relieved or not.
Agent Andrews' gun was still pointed at my head.

"If your partner'll put her gun away, I promise I won't jump out of the speeder."

I watched Agent McCovey as he smiled into the rear-view mirror and nodded. The gun barrel
disappeared from my peripheral vision. It made me feel better, but I was still nervous and had
an almost uncontrollable urge to smoke. I dragged the pack of Lucky Strikes out of my pocket
and held it up. "Do you mind?"

Agent McCovey didn't take his eyes from the airspace ahead. "I'd rather you didn't."

"Regulations?"

The agent shook his head. "No."

Agent Andrews smirked in the back seat. I put the pack away and looked out the side window.
We left the occupied areas and were heading out over the no-man's-land to the north. This
part of the city had never been cleaned up after the war and, according to rumour, was now
inhabited by orc-like creatures who only came out at night and fed on human flesh.

Several tall buildings were still standing, and we descended toward one of them. There was no
sign of electricity for miles. Agent McCovey skilfully navigated the speeder over the flat roof
and landed. Agent Andrews tapped me on the shoulder. "Let's get some air, shall we?"

I opened the speeder door and stepped out. The only light source was the faintly pink half-
moon, the evening had gotten as cold as it was dark. I adjusted my overcoat, tied the sash
tightly, then lit up a much-needed cigarette. Agent Andrews had followed me out the door and
was now leaning against the side of the speeder, arms folded across what was probably a
