Page 87

lovely chest. Despite her having held a gun to my head only minutes before, I had quite a
yearning to hug her. This wasn't unusual-I'd always been attracted to women who'd just as
soon kill me.

Agent McCovey walked around from the driver's side and stooped down to collect a handful
of gravel. I eyed him warily, afraid that I was about to experience a strange, new form of
Interpol interrogation/torture, but he wandered toward the edge of the roof and began
throwing small rocks into the murky darkness. Satisfied that I wasn't going to have
information pelted out of me, I turned back and smiled disarmingly at Agent Andrews.

"This is a lovely spot. It must be true what they say-people take the places where they live for
granted. I've never made the time to visit as part of town before."

The agents wide green eyes gazed at me, unblinking and unamused. "We chose this place
because we know it's not bugged. There are things we need to talk about, sensitive things, that
none of us want to be overheard. That includes you."

I was flattered that they'd include me in their spy games, but I was feeling the same sensation
I felt in my recurring nightmare, of being a Jeopardy contestant and having the Final Jeopardy
category turn out to be Famous Suffragettes. I took a deep drag and let the smoke slip out of
my nose and mouth as I spoke.

"Don't get me wrong... I think we're hitting it off really well, and I'm having a great time, but
do you mind telling me what I'm doing here?"

Agent McCovey meandered back into the conversation. "Don't worry. You're not in any kind
of trouble. We just need to find out what you know."

Agent Andrews interrupted. "We know you found the video disc."

"Who told you that? Drysdale? He is such a liar."

McCovey smiled and looked out into the chilly night.

"It's no big deal, Murphy. The only reason we picked you up is to see if you found out
anything else about Colonel O'Brien's murder."

It sounded like Interpol was grasping at straws. Taking the time to round me up seemed like a
last ditch effort, though I would never verbalize that. The upside was that they might let me in
on something I didn't know, in trade for me telling them everything I'd found out. Of course, I
hadn't learned much, but they didn't know that.

Agent Andrews seemed to be getting cold and tucked her hands under her arms. I noticed with
mixed reactions that her right hand was fondling the loaded holster under her black jacket.
She seemed to be the less accommodating of the two agents, so I spoke to the man.

"Well, I'm assuming you both saw what was on the videodisc. I didn't recognize the attacker."

McCovey stuck his hands into his pockets. "There's no reason why you should have. But that's
irrelevant. We already know who he is."
