Page 88

Agent Andrews threw her partner a cautionary glance, but he disregarded it and went on.

"The man goes by the name of the Chameleon. He's been on our most-wanted lists for years.
We believe his real name is Jacques Fou, but his fingerprints have been surgically removed,
and he's a genius with disguises. If you saw him again, you probably wouldn't recognise him."

If Interpol knew who the killer was, then they already knew more than I did.

"So how am I supposed to help you, seeing as how you've already solved the murder?"

Agent Andrews jumped in. "The Chameleon isn't some kind of psychopath who kills people
for the hell of it. He's a mercenary. Organizations and individuals hire him for specialized
hits. We want to know who his employer was this time."

Agent McCovey began to pace casually as he picked up where the woman left off. "Even
more importantly, we're trying to find out more about the Winter Chip. On the videodisc, it
looked like that was what the Chameleon was trying to find out from O'Brien." He turned to
face me. "Where were you earlier this evening?"

I flicked my spent cigarette off to the side and buried my hands in the pockets of my overcoat.
I considered how much I should tell the agents. Dubois had told me a little about the Winter
Chip, and McCovey seemed open to sharing information, so I decided to tell them what I
found out. In exchange, maybe they could tell me more about CAPRICORN.

As I described my meeting with Dubois, Agent McCovey nodded occasionally while Agent
Andrews took notes. I wrapped things up by recounting Dubois's apparent abduction. When
I'd finished, Andrews looked up from her notebook. "Any idea where we could locate
Dubois?"

I shook my head. "Like I said, I had a bad feeling that he's been located for the last time. And
he didn't leave me with any way to get in touch with him."

My fingers had warmed sufficiently to have another smoke. I cupped my hands around the
Zippo flame, then let loose a long stream of half smoke, half breath steam. I told them what I
knew. Maybe they'd toss me another bone.

"What can the two of you tell me about CAPRICORN? Do you suppose it figures somehow
into the Colonel's murder?"

Agent McCovey, who'd been very attentive while I was talking, resumed his leisurely pacing.
"Odds are pretty good. Whoever decimated CAPRICORN knew what they were doing. They
had to have someone on the inside, to provide information, but they also needed manpower
and resources. That doesn't come cheap."

"So who was it? Could it have been this Phoenix person, the one Dubois told me about?"

McCovey shook his head. "We're not sure. And we don't have any information on who
Phoenix is or how he figures into this. What we do know is, the Crusade for Genetic Purity
had the most to gain from CAPRICORN being dismantled. We also have reason to believe
