Page 90

–– CHAPTER SIXTEEN ––

Getting up at a reasonable hour the previous day seemed to have taken a toll on my
thirtysomething body. It was eleven something when I rolled over and squinted at my alarm
clock. What a piece of junk. The LED read 11:88. Even worse, the plastic bumps on the
snooze bar had worn off completely, making it harder to find those all-important eight minute
increments of extra sleep. What I needed was one of those voice response devices with the
special Monique feature. They had a sultry female voice that would make naughty sex noises
instead of beeping and could be programmed to say things like, "Time to get up, handsome.
I'm ready for some breakfast in bed." Of course, I'd just set the alarm over and over and spend
the rest of my life in the sack.

I lurched over the side of the bed, staggered blindly in the direction of the bathroom, and
began making myself beautiful. It was a longer process than it used to be, but five minutes
later, I was modestly presentable. With breakfast smoldering between my fingers and the
coffeemaker belching like a steel worker, I settled into the chair behind my desk and began
composing my daily list of things to do.

(1) Get up. Check. (2) Splash water on face. Done. (3) PI breakfast. Almost ready. (4) Lose
weight and get into shape. (5) Go see Percival.

The coffee hadn't even finished brewing, and I'd already covered half the list. I leaned back in
my chair and took a drag, feeling like I had things pretty well in hand. When the coffee was
ready, I poured a mug and returned to my chair.

Reading while eating breakfast is one of life's simple joys. Back when I could afford cold
cereal, I knew the Cap'n Crunch box like the back of my hand. I fished the now dog-eared
blue card out of my overcoat and examined it for the umpteenth time as I downed my coffee.
BXK+A261184. I still couldn't make heads or tails of it. Maybe I should have shown it to the
Interpol agents. I'd forgotten to ask.

Staring at the index card started to get me frustrated, so I switched to the Colonel's notebook.
Maybe I'd overlooked something the first time through. I opened it up and saw the three
names I'd jotted down when I'd been talking to Paul Dubois: Phoenix, Chameleon, and
Professor Perriman. The first two were almost certainly code names, but Professor Perriman
sounded like someone I should be able to track down.

Dubois had told me that he'd gotten the name from the Capricorn mole's report. The mole was
working inside the Crusade for Genetic Purity, which was based in New San Francisco.
Hopefully, the Professor was also a citizen of our fair-to-middlin' city.

I pulled up the directory on my computer and found eighteen Perrimans listed. Then I got on
the horn and started calling. Eventually I reached a Mrs Perriman, who said her husband
taught classes at the University of San Francisco until one o'clock and probably wouldn't be
home until dinnertime.

After my third cup of sweet caffeine, I left the office and flew my speeder to USF. The
campus was bustling with fresh faced students who didn't look old enough to have driver's
licences. One of these, a cute redhead with newly straightened teeth, helpfully informed me
that Professor Perriman taught history in the Jerry Rice building.
