Page 91

I followed her directions and found the building shortly before one o'clock. I paused outside
the door and joined several students in a pre-lecture smoke. As we puffed, I listened in on
their conversation, which was laced with sophomoric philosophy and rumours of huge, post
finals keggers.

I finished my cigarette and stepped inside. On the third floor, I found a directory and made my
way to room 319. The door was open, and I looked in to see a heavy-set man rummaging
through a stack of papers on top of a file cabinet.

"Professor Perriman?"

The large man turned to face me. His hair was thick and untamed and had almost completely
lost the pigment battle, though his impressively feral beard still had streaks of black in it. He
had a high, broad forehead and a pinkish complexion, with red blotched cheeks that peeked
over the top of his beard. A pair of bifocals sat forgotten on the bridge of his bulbous nose.
Professor Perriman had the look of a man who had lived a full life and still had a ways to go.

"What can I do for you?" He took a step toward me, so I stayed where I was.

"I'm not really sure, to tell you the truth. A friend of a friend said that I should look you up."

"Who's the friend?"

Dubois hadn't known the Professor, and I didn't have any other names. I decided to get the
point. "Someone who works for CAPRICORN."

The Professor tilted his head forward and stared at me over his glasses. He looked like Santa,
trying to decide if I was naughty or nice. After a moment, he motioned for me to come in and
close the door behind me. I stepped into his office and looked the place over. He was a man
after my own heart. There was a desk-shaped pile of books and papers and three other mounds
with armrests. It pleased me that the Professor didn't apologise as he cleared space on two of
the chairs. When we were seated, he pulled a pipe from his herringbone jacket and tapped it
on the side of his desk. "CAPRICORN, eh? I didn't think they were still in business."

"I'm not sure they still are."

The Professor grunted as he packed his pipe. He smoked Captain Gold. The smell it emitted
was the only entry in my top 10 list of aromas that wasn't related to food or women. The old
man clenched the pipe in his teeth as he dug through his pockets. I would've offered my
Zippo, but any smoker worth his salt knew that you just didn't use lighters on pipes. The old
man located a red-tipped match and soon had the nest boiling. He settled in and turned his
attention back to me. "We ought to introduce ourselves."

I stuck out my hand. "Murphy. Tex Murphy."

"Benjamin Perriman. So tell me, Mr Murphy, What brings you to my office under such murky
pretenses?"
