Page 92

I smiled. "Well, I'm a PI, and, in my business, you're what we like to call a 'lead'. It's like
proselytizing missionary work, except I get to smoke, drink, and swear."

Smoke curled out from under the professor's expansive moustache. "A private investigator,
eh? So this visit is related to a case of some sort. Murder, I hope. Nothing better than a good
whodunnit."

"Actually, there seems to have been a murder committed, though it's more of a whydunnit
than a whodunnit."

"So how did it happen? In the conservatory with a candlestick?"

"Good guess. We won't know for certain until the police find the body. All they found so far
is a finger."

The professor leaned forward, holding a pipe in his hand. "Anyone I know?"

I shrugged. "Maybe. You heard of Colonel Roy O'Brien?"

The professor's brow furrowed, and he puffed thoughtfully for some time before nodding.

"I can't say that your news is totally unexpected, though it's certainly unfortunate."

"You knew him, then?"

Perriman removed his pipe. "We met several months ago. I gave him some information. From
what he told me, I believed he was putting himself in great danger."

"I'm trying to find out who murdered him."

Unexpectedly, the Professor smiled, though it could have been more of a grimace. "I would be
surprised if you ever do." He sat back in his chair. "But that's academic. How does this
involve me?"

I leaned forward. "That's what I'd like to find out. If you've got a few minutes, I'll hum a few
bars, and you can jump in whenever it starts to sound familiar."

Perriman waved his hand, and I started at the beginning. He listened patiently as I told him
about being hired by the "Countess." It wasn't until I offhandedly described the statuette that I
got a reaction. The professor literally sat up. "The Habuh."

"Excuse me?"

Professor Perriman set his pipe on a stack of books and stood up. Without a word, he walked
to a jam-packed bookcase and began searching for something. He quickly found a large,
hardbound volume and started leafing through it as he returned to his seat. Finding what he
wanted, he turned the book around and held it in front of me, his finger pointing to a drawing
of the countess's statuette. "Is this the one you saw?"
