Page 93

I nodded, unsure of what this meant. Everything I'd heard about the statuette led me to believe
it was valuable and highly prized, but seeing it in this ancient book put it in a whole new light.
When the Professor turned the book back around, I caught a glimpse of the title: A complete
History of Arcana and the Occult.

Perriman set the book on the floor by his chair and collected his pipe. "This is foreboding
news... ominous. How much do you know?"

"Not enough, apparently."

"How much do you care to know?"

"As much as you want to tell me." The Professor pulled a match from his vest pocket and
proceeded to relight his pipe. After several puffs, he leaned back and crossed his legs. "Are
you familiar with either the Brotherhood of Purity or the Secret Doctrine?"

I shook my head while the Professor continued. "If you like, I can tell you about the people
who murdered Roy O'Brien. By doing so, you'll be in the same danger your friend was in."

"A little more danger won't make much difference."

Perriman nodded. "The Habuh, the statuette, is the sacred talisman of an occult cabal known
as at the Brotherhood of Purity. The origins of this group predate written history. The order
was started in the Far East among a small group of men, whose concepts reached literally
thousands of years into the future. While other more primitive men were barely learning the
uses of metal and stone, this brotherhood was embracing the rudimentary principles of
eugenics. Are you familiar with the term?"

"You bet."

"Of course, even these advanced thinkers were limited by lack of technology. The
Brotherhood's trail is only faintly traceable for centuries. It is not until around 400 BC that we
begin to see clear indications of its presence. To those familiar with the Secret Doctrine, there
is much that can be interpreted from many of the Greek philosophers' teachings.

"The Brotherhood of Purity grew steadily in power during the rise of the Roman Empire.
Despite its enormous wealth and influence, it's anonymity was strictly preserved. The number
of those who were initiated-and who received the teachings, signs, and passwords-was kept to
a bare minimum, ensuring complete dedication and fealty, as well as avoiding the dilution of
quality, which inevitably comes with overpopulation. There was also no need for a large
following. As I have learned, the Secret Doctrine is filled with prophecies that would not
reach fruition for many years. The order was concerned primarily with maintaining the rituals
and making sure that the Brotherhood continued on toward the day when it would fulfil its
destiny. But I'm getting ahead of myself.

"When the Roman Empire fell, the Brotherhood survived unscathed. In fact, it is speculated
that the order hastened the downfall for its own ends. The empire had grown obese and
sedentary and was no longer conducive to the higher ideals of the Brotherhood of Purity. In
keeping with early prophecies, the members of the order cast their eyes toward the fierce and
