Page 94

hungry tribes of Angles and Saxons, which were not as intellectually advanced as the
Romans, but had not suffered the physical and spiritual decline.

"Many pivotal and powerful figures of the Middle Ages became secretly affiliated with the
Brotherhood of Purity, including Charles the Great, Henry the Lion, Otto the Great, Philip of
Swabia, Conrad IV, and Frederick Barbarossa. While Emperor Charlemagne was not deemed
intellectually suitable for the Brotherhood, his closest adviser and confident, Hugo von
Touron, was a high-ranking member. His influence on Charlemagne drastically affected the
course of Europe's, and the world's, history.

"Counted among the members of the Brotherhood were not only kings and statesmen, but also
religious figures, such as the Bishop Klingsor, the Count of Acerra, and Eckbert of Meran, the
thirteenth century Bishop of Bramberg. The Spanish Inquisition was instigated by a single
radical member of the brotherhood who held a high position in the papal order. It is
commonly believed that the thousands were put to death because they refused to join the
Catholic faith. In actuality, these deaths were the result of an enormous ethnic cleansing. This
was done, however, of the brother's own volition and was not a sanctioned act of the
brotherhood.

"Throughout the Middle Ages and into the 20th century, other factious branches sprang from
the brotherhood. The Crusades were in part associated with one of these branches. Eventually,
the main body was able to pare off the splinter groups, but not without great bloodshed and
civil war. Most of these conflicts have been misinterpreted by history, which in and of itself
proves the extreme and far-reaching power of the brotherhood.

"Heinrich Himmler, who was in charge of the Nazi Occult Bureau at the height of the Nazi
movement, somehow obtained a manuscript of the Secret Doctrine and showed it to Adolf
Hitler. They were greatly influenced by the brotherhood's principles, though they almost
certainly were never allowed to enter the Order. It took many years for the brotherhood to
undo the damage done by these madmen. Even in the years since, the main core of the
brotherhood has had to deal with other contentious splinter groups, some of which have
grown to massive proportions before the brotherhood could bring them under control."

Professor Perryman paused to empty his pipe ash into a trash can. I felt fairly sure that I was
keeping up with him, but I had a few questions.

"So, what is the point of this brotherhood? You mentioned something about fulfilling their
destiny, but it doesn't sound like they have done much more than keep themselves a secret
from the rest of the world. And how is it that you know about them?"

The Professor ran a hand over his long beard. "I'll answer the last question first. I stumbled on
to them quite by accident. When I was a student, years ago, I was doing research for my
doctorate in a library in Vienna. I was searching through a dusty volume on German folklore
when I came across an ancient manuscript, handwritten on brittle, yellowed parchment. In
those days, my knowledge of the German language was marginal at best, but I was able to
understand some of the contents. It was on that page that I first saw the terms Brotherhood of
Purity and Secret Doctrine.

"The parchment had been placed between two pages, one of which displayed a lithograph of a
painting. It was dated 1604  and signed by a man named Basilius. From what I could gather, it
