Page 95

was an allegorical path to enlightenment, filled with symbols scattered along the way up to
what I can only describe as a wizard's kitchen, filled with crescent-moon and sun designs. I'll
never forget the symbols: a black raven, peacock, swan, pelican, lion, and eagle. Over the
years, I have learned that each of these has a distinct attribute that must be attained by
members of the Brotherhood.

"I was not allowed to take the book with me from the library, and when I returned later to take
another look at the book and the parchment, they had mysteriously disappeared. Despite
diligent searching, I never did see it again. My interest, however, was piqued. Since that day, I
have been absorbed in learning the history behind the contents of the parchment.

"As to the brotherhood's self proclaimed manifest destiny, I have gleaned only bits and pieces,
though I have no doubt that it's clearly stated in the pages of the Secret Doctrine. Since the
origin of the order, the names and acts of the founders have been passed down orally for
hundreds of generations. It wasn't until the third century AD that the genealogy, philosophy,
and icons were set in print. A group of men, known to outsiders as the Docetists, composed an
expansive tome, attempting to summarise the order's history and doctrine. This text became
known as the Secret Doctrine.

"I have never seen a verified copy of the text, though several reputedly authentic excerpts
have come to my attention. Regardless, from what I have read, been told, and overheard, I've
assembled a partial description of the brotherhood's objectives, as they are contained in the
prophecies within the sacred text.

"The Secret Doctrine describes an entity called the Incubus, which the Brotherhood would
summon when all its prophecies had come to pass. The Incubus would then create something
or someone that translates literally to the Moon Child. This Moon Child would be the
destroyer of the impure and the guardian of the pure and faithful."

The mention of the Moon Child made the hair on the back of my neck stand up. "Isn't the
Moon Child the name of that satellite resort? The one used by the crusade?"

The Professor nodded solemnly. "It is unthinkable that the name is a coincidence. And I can
infer only one of two things because of it: Either the leaders of the Crusade for Genetic Purity
have somehow obtained a copy of the Secret Doctrine, and, like Hitler before them, are
attempting to incorporate his teachings into their own agenda, or the brotherhood is behind the
crusade and has reached a point where they no longer feel it necessary to hide themselves. I'm
inclined to believe the latter."

We sat in silence for some time. It sounded to me like this cult, the Brotherhood of Purity,
was planning on starting another Holocaust. There was still something the Professor hadn't
explained. I spoke up. "What about the statuette I found? How does it fit into all this? And
you have any idea who Countess could have been?"

Professor Perriman reached for his pipe and used it to gesture with.

"As to the identity of the Countess, I have no idea. Many rich and powerful people are
affiliated with the brotherhood. As to the Habuh, it is as ancient as the brotherhood itself.
Apparently, it was kept by the order for many generations, but was lost or stolen at some point
during the early to mid-20th century. The brotherhood has been looking for it ever since,
