Page 97

–– CHAPTER SEVENTEEN ––

Time seemed to have stood still during my conversation with the professor. To my surprise, I
checked my watch and saw that I'd have to hurry or I'd miss my 3 o'clock appointment with
Lowell Percival. I thanked Professor Perriman and excused myself.

As I returned to my speeder, I tried to decide if I'd just become privy to the occult blueprint
for the end of the world, or wasted a couple of hours on a delusional, peyote-eating
conspiracy theorist. Maybe I didn't want to believe what Professor Perriman had told me. It all
seemed too incredible. The idea that a secret cult could manipulate history and wield almost
limitless power-without being publicly exposed-was the kind of tripe you read about while
standing in line at a grocery store. But he was a highly educated, respected authority telling
me it was so.

I was still trying to digest it all when I arrived at Lowell Percival Enterprises. I made my way
through security and up to the fifty-first floor. Alaynah Moore was sitting at her post and
looking especially attractive. She seemed to be wearing just a little more make-up than when
I'd seen her the day before, and her hair looked like it had been professionally styled. Even
though my interest in her had petered out, it was good to know that I still had an effect on the
occasional dame.

As I approached her desk, I detected a scent of perfume that hadn't been there before...
expensive and alluring. There was only one reason why women wore perfume like that.
Alaynah had also traded in her knit top and blazer for a form-fitting cashmere dress with the
neckline that dove like a hungry kingfisher.

"You look lovely today."

Alaynah's eyes darted instinctively toward her cleavage, then back at me.

"Thanks. So do you."

I knew I didn't, but I wasn't going to get into a flirtatious debate. "Is Mr Percival in?"

Alaynah seemed almost startled by the question. "What?... Oh, yes. One second."

She turned to the paging device and spoke quietly into it. I looked away politely and happened
to notice a light blue manila envelope on the desk. It was sealed and marked "Genetic
Research Systems: Top Secret, Attention: Lowell Percival ONLY." Alaynah turned back to
face me. "He's expecting you. Right through the door."

I tipped my hat and started toward Percival's office. I could feel Alaynah watching me all the
way there. After a brief knock on the door, I opened it and walked in.

Lowell Percival stood up from behind his monstrous desk and walked around it to greet me.
He was even shorter than I remembered, no taller than five-six, and looked as delicate as ever,
despite extra padding in the shoulders of his expensively tailored blue pin-striped suit. His
hair was combed straight back and thinning noticeably, but his trademark Vandyck beard was
still jet-black. Behind new, almost invisible wire frame glasses, his eyes were as dark and
intimidating as ever. Satan's accountant.
