Page 98

He shook my hand aggressively and guided me to a chair, before making a wide turn back to
his own seat behind the desk. His voice was slightly high-pitched and precise. He had no
discernible accent and used every word intentionally and deliberately, never uttering a single
filler noise, such as "uh" or "um".

"Mr Tex Murphy. How long has it been? Three years?"

"Five, actually."

 Percival sighed and shook his head. "Where does the time go?" He shifted comfortably in his
oversized seat and tapped his right forefinger several times on the leather armrest. "What can I
do for you? You're not looking for employment, certainly. I would imagine there are ample
opportunities for a top-notch detective like yourself."

He certainly was an excellent schmoozer. I almost believed him, and I was an award-winning
cynic. Maybe that explained why he was a multibillionaire, and I was late on my rent.

"I'm not here looking for work, Mr Percival. I ran across your name in a strange place, and I
wanted to ask you about it."

Percival spread his hands out respectively. "Please. I'm at your service."

I extracted the newspaper clipping with the photo of the statuette from my coat pocket,
unfolded it, and passed it across to him. "What can you tell me about the bird?"

Percival studied the clipping for what seemed like a long time, then handed it back to me.
"Not a great deal more than what is stated in the article."

I folded the paper and replaced it. Maybe he was lying, maybe he wasn't. I had a hard time
reading him. With almost anyone else, I would've called his bluff. Unfortunately, metaphors
didn't wash with Lowell Percival. I decided to try my second line of questioning and hope that
he was in a cooperative mood.

"Tell me about Eddie Ching."

Percival didn't blink. "I don't know him."

"He knows you. Your name was included on a list of potential buyers of a certain artefact. I
have a hunch you were in the running for the statuette in the newspaper photo."

Percival looked vaguely interested, but didn't respond until he'd given it a lot of thought.
"Very well. I should clarify. I don't know Mr Ching personally-I know of him."

"Who is he?"

Percival gazed across his desk at me like a chess player matching wits with a competent,
though lesser, opponent. "He's a.... an importer. His speciality is obtaining certain... how shall
I put this?... collectibles, which he then makes available to his clientele. The statuette was one
of these collectible."
