Page 99

"So you did want it. Why?"

Percival opened his arms and gestured flamboyantly. "Why does anyone want anything?
Appreciation of beauty, the desire to own a magnificent and utterly unique work of art. I am
wealthy beyond comprehension. I have worked diligently my entire life, and for what? So that
I may call just such an object my own. There are few things remaining in this existence that
fill me with wonderment and joy. Art can affect me that way."

His explanation seemed genuine. I didn't know Percival that well, but he struck me as the type
of person who was never uninformed. If what Professor Perriman had told me was the truth,
and he hadn't just been mixing hallucinogens with excessive role playing, the statuette was
much more than a run-of-the-mill collectible. It seemed almost inconceivable that Percival
would bid (millions, undoubtedly) for the statuette and not know its significance. I had to find
out.

"I've heard statuette is pretty valuable."

Percival smiled patronizingly. "That is a gross understatement. In theory, it is priceless...
though theories tend to break down at the bargaining table."

"I've also heard that it may have magical powers."

Percival laughed out loud. "Ah, yes... magic. That was my esoteric motivation for wanting the
statuette. With it, I would master legerdemain and become a mighty wizard!"

Still laughing, Percival removed his glasses and dried his eyes. I felt as though I were being
mocked. Percival replaced his glasses and looked over at me. "You seem to have heard a great
deal about the statuette. What else do you know?"

I didn't feel like dancing around the subject any more. "Some people think that it's a sacred
object, worshipped by an ancient cult known as the Brotherhood of Purity."

Percival lifted his eyebrows and pursed his lips. "Really? A cult?"

"That's just what I've heard. I don't necessarily think there's anything to it."

Percival nodded sympathetically, then sat up in his chair. "Why don't you?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. Sounds like a lot of hocus-pocus to me. It's like that group of devil
worshippers the cops busted a couple of months ago. Turned out to be a bunch of pimply
faced teenagers, sitting around with a few dead chickens, burning incense and drinking beer. I
just don't buy the whole illuminati, trilateral commission thing."

The billionaire smiled approvingly. "It is good to know that there are still reasonable men in
this world. Though I must admit, I have always had a somewhat morbid passing interest in the
occult, and I, too, have heard of this Brotherhood of Purity. It is a fascinating idea, though I
believe that it, like the concept of illuminati, is by and large fictional. As for the actual
significance of the statuette, that was irrelevant to me."
