Page 100

"The source who told me about the occult also said that the Crusade for Genetic Purity might
be connected to the Brotherhood of Purity. Do you know anything about that?"

Percival put his fingertips together and pressed them lightly against his chin. "I find it difficult
to believe. The crusade is such a public organisation and, from what I know, the brotherhood
has always striven for total secrecy. If it actually exists, that is."

I nodded and tried to think if there was anything else I wanted to ask. Percival and I seemed to
have similar opinions of the occult. Now if we only had similar incomes.

"Well, Mr Percival, I appreciate your time."

I stood up and glanced around the office. On the wall behind the desk, I spotted a framed
photograph of Percival shaking hands with the Reverend Claude Shepherd, the leader of the
Crusade for Genetic Purity. I suddenly wondered if Percival had come clean with me.

"Looks like you've done alright for yourself since we last met."

Percival came around the side of the desk and shook my hand. "I hope the success has been
mutual. I enjoyed our visit."

Trying to think of a snappy rejoinder, I walked to the door, and Percival opened it for me. I
paused before leaving.

"Do you have the statuette?"

Percival shook his head. "I wish I did. I think it would look especially nice on that marble
stand, next to the window."

I thanked him, and he closed the door behind me. Alaynah turned and smiled. "How did it
go?"

"I'm not sure."

She smiled again and lowered her voice. "Mr Percival seems to have that effect on most
people. So, when are you going to take me out for another drink? I think I might be free this
evening."

Despite having decided against pursuing anything amorous with Alaynah, I had a good reason
to buy her a few drinks, though I'd have to find some money first. She probably handled
some, if not all, of Percival's correspondence. If I got her drunk, maybe she'd have something
interesting to tell me about her employer. I was also curious about the light blue manila
envelope from Genetic Research Systems still lying on her desk.

"What time are you off? I can swing by and pick you up."

Alaynah smiled, glad to see that I'd finally come around. "Five o'clock."

I grinned suavely. "I won't be late."
