Page 102

–– CHAPTER EIGHTTEEN ––


The City went haywire. Immediately, a deafening cacophony of alarms went off. A massive
dust cloud billowed from ground zero, then slowly dissipated, revealing piles of debris,
corpses, and body parts scattered in all directions. Passers-by who had survived the blast lay
on the street and sidewalks, some dying, others only stunned. Within minutes, the area was
flooded with fire department personnel, policemen, and horrified onlookers. The explosion
had not only gutted the entire LPE skyscraper, but it had taken out most of the surrounding
block. Few, if any, survivors would be pulled out of the Percival building. I suddenly
remembered talking to at Alaynah and Percival. Now, only minutes later, they were both
almost certainly dead.

I set my speeder down several blocks away and walked toward the destruction in a semi-
stupor. On every side, emergency personnel were tending to the wounded. I'd never had the
dubious honour of serving in the war, but this was what I'd imagined it would be like. Dazed
workers from nearby buildings were streaming out to survey the damage. Television vehicles
began to appear, and the airspace was jammed with media craft.

Stopping just outside the perimeter of debris, I considered getting out of the way and
returning to my office, but the awesome spectacle of the annihilated skyscraper held me fast.
After several minutes, I caught sight of a familiar face. Mac Malden, along with most of the
SFPD, was beginning to question eyewitnesses.

I approach Mac, who was talking to a shell-shocked-looking young woman. When he was
done, he looked up to see me and walked over. "Can you believe this?"

I shook my head. My stomach was starting to get queasy.

Mac pulled out a pack of Merits. "What're you doing down here? Just lucky?"

Lucky was exactly how I was feeling. It had only just occurred to me that I'd been inside the
building about three minutes before it turned to dust. If I'd stepped into the bathroom, or
talked to Alaynah a while longer... I didn't want to think about it.


"I was in the building."

Mac lit his cigarette. "When?"

"A few minutes ago."

The cop glanced at me, his eyes wider than I ever thought they could be. "Goddamn."

"Tell me about it. I think I'm gonna vomit."

"What were you doing in there?"

I choked down a brief wave of nausea. "I had an appointment to see Lowell Percival."
