Page 103

"He was in there?" I nodded. Mac looked me over. "You don't look good, Murphy. Go home.
There's nothing else to see here. Give me a call when you've got your feet under you. I'd like
to hear what happened."

I turned and walked unsteadily back to my speeder. By the time I got there, my stomach was
under control again, but I had a case of the spins. I climbed inside and sat at the wheel for
several minutes. Eventually, my equilibrium steadied, and I fired up the engine.

My mind was racing as I guided the speeder over the panic-stricken city. Who had bombed
LPE? Was it linked to the Capricorn bombing? Why the LPE building? To get Percival? Why
Percival?

Back at the Ritz, I stumbled into my bedroom and fell onto the bed. I didn't realize that I'd
fallen asleep until an incessant banging woke me up. The room was dark. I checked the time:
7:10. My body was aching, but my brain felt relatively normal. I pushed myself up and
crossed to the front door.

It was the Interpol agents. I stepped aside, and the female agent walked past. The man, Agent
McCovey, looked me over. "Post-traumatic stress. It will pass."

I shut the door. "Yeah, I know. I used to be married."

McCovey grinned and followed me over to the desk. I dropped into my chair, and the agents
sat in the two guest chairs across the desk from me. Half a pack of Lucky Strikes was
conveniently waiting. I took out a cigarette and lit it, without asking permission. Agent
Andrews covered her mouth and coughed delicately. I ignored it. "So, what in the world
brings the two of you to my humble abode?"

Apparently my visitors had drawn straws, and McCovey had lost.

"Lieutenant Malden said he spoke with you at the scene of the bombing. You saw it happen?"

"Got a bird's-eye view."

"What were you doing down there? Malden said something about you having seen Lowell
Percival. Quite a coincidence."

"I don't believe in coincidence."

McCovey flashed his boyish grin again. "Really? You were one of the last people to see
Colonel O'Brien alive. Same with Paul Dubois. You're a nominee for the coincidence poster
boy. What do you call it?"

"Dumb luck. In my heart of hearts, I'm a Sagittarius."

Agent Andrews seemed to be getting impatient and cut in." Why don't you just tell us why
you went to see Percival?"

I took a leisurely drag off my cigarette and directed a long stream of smoke just to her left. "I
was trying to find out what he knew about the statuette."
