Page 104

McCovey spoke with exaggerated friendliness. "The one you told us about the other night?"

I nodded, and the agents sat forward. "What did he tell you?"

"Not enough. Just pretty much confirmed what I already knew. He was interested in buying it
and said he didn't have it."

Agent Andrews had her notebook out. "Did you talk about anything else?"

"Yes we did. It turns out we both love Carmen Miranda movies. Or loved, as the case may
be."

Andrews shook her head and turned to her partner, then back to me. "Was there anything odd
about his behaviour? Did he seem nervous?"

"He acted perfectly normal for a man about be blown into little bits." I took a drag. "How the
hell should I know? It wasn't like we were lifelong pals. I barely knew him."

The agents glanced at each other and seemed to decide that I wasn't going to be a font of
information in my current frame of mind. Andrews put her notebook away, and McCovey
smiled politely. "Well, we'll get out of your hair."

They started to get up, but I had a few questions of my own. "Before you go, tell me
something. Was this bombing related to the one in LA?"

McCovey shifted in his seat. "We're not sure. There are some similarities. Both places have
heavy security. The explosive device looks to be identical and planted in the same part of the
building. That's off the record, by the way. We won't know for sure until the investigators
finish sifting through the rubble. Could take days, maybe weeks. Right now, we're treating it
as a serial bombing."

"But the Capricorn bombing was pretty clearly politically motivated. As far as I know,
Percival didn't have any official ties to Capricorn, the Mutant League, or any other political
organization, for that matter."

McCovey frowned pensively. "We thought of that It certainly makes the connection harder to
figure out. It's conceivable that Percival himself was the target, although the similarities to the
Capricorn bombing seem to contradict that theory. Be that as it may, Percival turned out to be
mortal, and all hell's breaking loose."

"You found the body?"

McCovey nodded. "What was left of it."

"What kind of hell is breaking loose?"

The agent shrugged. "The stock market's in a panic. Percival's fingerprints were all over Wall
Street. Analysts are predicting another crash."
