Page 105

I didn't know or care much about what happened in the financial world, but another, more
personal concern came to mind. "Percival had a receptionist. Her desk was just outside his
office."

The agent shook his head regretfully.

I crushed out my cigarette.

The agents looked at each other, then silently stood up and headed for the door. After they'd
gone, I popped open my CD player and put on a Nat King Cole disc. His smooth vocals
always had the same effect on me as two Lortabs and a bottle of JD. I was out of prescription
drugs and whisky, so Nat would have to do. As I reached for another smoke, the vid-phone
beeped. I leaned over and flipped on the receiver. Unexpectedly, Melahn Tode's nicely
constructed face appeared on the monitor.

"Murphy? You told me to call if I found anything else of Roy's... the Colonel's."

This sounded promising. "I appreciate you calling. What'd you find?"

"It's probably nothing... a newspaper."

Hmmm. This was familiar territory. "Bay City Mirror?"

"I think so." Melahn looked down. "Yeah."

"What's if the date?"

She paused to check. "November thirtieth. It was folded open to the personal ads, and one of
them was circled. Want to see it?"

"Please."

Melahn reached off-camera, then held a folded newspaper page up to the screen. I got close
and squinted, but couldn't quite make out the print.

"Maybe you should read it to me. It's a little fuzzy."

"All right. It says, 'Gorgeous, rabid single seeks confidential, open minded lover. Take away
our love, and our Earth is a tomb.' That it."

I finished writing down the message and looked back at the screen. Melahn seemed upset.

"Why would he look for someone else? Especially in the personals... it's so... sleazy. I thought
we had something special."

The Colonel might have been checking the personal ads for personal reasons, but I doubted it.
From what I'd learned, his interest in the ads was purely professional. On the other hand, if
Melahn was convinced that her boyfriend had been looking for love in a newspaper, it might
make losing him less painful, but I felt like she ought to know the truth.
