Page 106

I explained the situation to her without any of the details. She seemed at least partially
relieved, but started asking for particulars. I told I wasn't at liberty to share the information,
but that she could be sure the Colonel's motives in the matter were innocent. She thanked me
and said she'd call back if she found out anything else.

After disconnecting, I turned my attention to the message Melahn had passed along. I started
by counting the letters-there were 84, unless my spelling skills had completely vanished. If
this was a code, it didn't appear to be like the other one I'd found in the paper. I went through
the other approaches, every other letter and so on, but without any luck. After a while, I
decided that I would never make progress without a stiff drink.

Then I saw it. I'd been looking too hard. It was the initials. "Gorgeous, rabid single seeks
confidential, open minded lover." GRS seeks COL. COL was the abbreviation for Colonel.
This was definitely a communication meant for the Colonel to see. Now I just had to find out
who GRS was. And what was the meaning in the rest of the message? The initials didn't make
any sense. At any rate, it didn't sound like a code; it sounded like a literary quote.
Unfortunately most of the literature I knew started with "There once was a man from
Nantucket." Maybe if I found out where the quote was from, it would help me to interpret the
message.

There was only one logical place to check. I'd never been to the public library, but my tax
dollars were helping to fund it. I decided to tap the resource and looked up the number in my
directory. I glanced at my watch. It was just after eight o'clock. They were probably closed,
but I'd try anyway. To my surprise, someone picked up. It was an older woman, with white
hair tied in a tight bun and spectacles hanging on a chain around her neck. She looked to me
like a veritable vault of quote knowledge. "City Library. Can I help you?"

"Yes, ma'am. I have this literary quote, and I'm trying to find out who said it."

"My goodness. Trivia. Well, let's hear it, though I can't promise anything." She was a trooper.

"OK, here goes. 'Take away our love, and our Earth is a tomb.'"

The old woman mulled it over. "If I had to guess, I'd bet it's probably Robert Browning. It
sounds just like the kind of thing he'd say. We have quite a good selection of his work down
here, if you'd like to look around."

I smiled appreciatively. "I just might do that, ma'am. Thank you for your help."

"Not at all. Thank you for calling."

Going to the library actually seemed like a pretty good idea. I could check on this Browning
guy and browse through the newspapers from the past couple of weeks. I had a hunch there
would be other messages. If only I had money. There were sources on the Internet that could
give you access to newspaper data from all over the world. Unfortunately, my web
subscription was one of the first things to lapse when I'd gone broke. At least I didn't have to
pay to use the library and, apparently, it stayed open to at least nine o'clock. I grabbed my
coat and left.
