Page 107

When I reached the San Francisco Public Library, I was pleased to see that the posted hours
were 7 A.M. to 10 P.M. I stepped inside and breathed the pleasant smell of books. These days,
more and more people were using their computers as reading material. When they weren't
glued to the television, that is. Online libraries offered a direct entry to the Library of
Congress, and actual libraries couldn't compete when it came to selection. The book you were
looking for was always literally at your fingertips, since it never had to be checked out. Plus,
you could always find what you wanted and print it out.

Despite all the advantages, in my opinion, it just wasn't the same as lounging in the tub with
an old, yellowed hardback. Ever since I was a kid, I'd had a soft spot for real paper books. I'd
grown up with the Hardy Boys, then moved onto Sherlock Holmes. By the time I discovered
Chandler and Hammett, my destiny was clear.

I started by looking up the past three weeks of Bay City Mirror issues. This time, I dispensed
with the cover-to-cover search and went straight to the personal ads. I hit pay dirt in the
November 23 edition, which was seventeen days previous and a week prior to the ad Melahn
had found. The message read, "Grandfather reaching sixty seeks comfortable, old-fashioned
lady. Pyramus and Thisby meet by moonlight." There it was again - GRS seeks COL. The
quote at the end sounded like something from a Greek play or maybe Shakespeare.

Sensing a pattern, I skipped ahead two weeks to the December 7 issue. Again, I found what I
was looking for: "Green-eyed, redheaded Scorpio seeks curvy, outgoing Leo. We sail
tonight." The last part didn't sound like a quote. It sounded vaguely fateful.

I went on to check the other days in between, but there were only the three messages. It was
almost closing time when I went to the front desk. The elderly lady I'd spoken to on the vid-
phone came to the counter, smiling pleasantly. "I hoped to see you in here, but I didn't expect
it would be so soon."

"You were very convincing."

I showed her the Pyramus and Thisby quote. She was all over this one and told me that the
line was from A Midsummer Night's Dream. I got directions to Robert Browning and went on
a search. Just at ten o'clock, I returned to the front desk with a copy of his Collected Poems
and a small paperback of A Midsummer Night's Dream. The elderly lady checked out the
books for me and wished me a good night.

I returned to my office and took the books to bed. It took quite a bit of searching before I
located the Browning quote. There was nothing in the rest of the poem that clarified the
message. I picked up the Shakespeare paperback and started scanning through the play. I
paused after the first act and rubbed my eyes. It wasn't even eleven o'clock, and I was
dragging. I fired up and went back to my speed-reading.

Finally, in act three, I found the line "Pyramus and Thisby meet by moonlight." It appeared in
a scene where a bunch of knuckleheads were trying to practice their parts in a play. I'd never
been an avid Shakespearean, but the scenario read like a bad episode of Three's Company. I
read it over and couldn't find anything that made the quote meaningful.

Maybe the numbers at the top of the page were significant. The top right and left corner each
had a number; I assumed they indicated which lines of the play were on that page. Fatigue
