Page 109

–– CHAPTER NINETEEN ––

There was no listing for Genetic Research Systems in the phone directory. The company
either had an unlisted number or wasn't located in the greater New San Francisco area. This
was a new challenge. I'd never had to track down a corporation before. Maybe it was a
publicly owned business. If so, I had a connection that might help me, for once.

Lavercan Kimbell, of Kimbell, Kimbell, & Schwartz, was my investment broker, with the
emphasis on broker. The more I dealt with Lavercan, the broker I got. Back when I'd had a
little extra cash, I'd decided to dabble in the stock market. Lavercan had guided me through a
series of mind-numbing investments, which had since dried up like old hookers. The shares I
owned were now about as valuable as Monopoly money. I figured that the least Lavercan
could do was help me find a lead on Genetic Research Systems.

I called Kimbell, Kimbeel, & Schwartz and was told that Lavercan wouldn't be in the office
for awhile. I wondered briefly if I'd underestimated Lavercan. Maybe he'd fleeced me and his
other clients and was sunning his round, white belly on a secluded Mexican beach. No way.
He was an inept, financial moron, but he wasn't a swindler. If all his other investments had
fared like mine, he was probably browsing through pawnshops, looking for an inexpensive
handgun.

Luckily, in the loosest sense of the word, Lavercan's brother Lemmer, as opposed to his wide-
eyed sibling, looked like someone who would not only scam your life savings, but have
someone steal the drive cell out of your speeder while you were sitting in his office.
Fortunately, I had no intentions of doing anything requiring an exchange of money. I told
Lemmer that I was looking for a company called Genetic Research Systems and asked if he
could check his computer listings for any information about it. Lemmer seemed a little put
off, but said he'd take a look before putting me on hold for several minutes. When he returned,
he said that there was no listing for a company by that name, which meant the company was
privately owned.

I asked if he had any pointers on how I could locate GRS. He rolled his eyes, then told me to
contact the state Department of Commerce, since all businesses were required to register
there. Lemmer's curt inflections let me know that I was wasting his time, so I thanked him for
his help and ended the call.

It seemed logical to start with the Department of Commerce. If that didn't pan out, I'd be
forced to start a more systematic search, and I had a feeling that GRS would end up being
harder to find than a smoking section in downtown Los Angeles.

I looked up the number for the DOC, punched it in, and was soon face to face with a tired-
looking state employee. I told him what I was looking for and asked if they had any
information that would help me. The government worker said they did, indeed, have the
information I needed, but that it was strictly off-limits to the public. I was about to ask him
how he felt about perpetuating a stereotype when he suggested that I visit my local library and
check out a publication by the name of Dun & Bradstreet. He went on to say that Dun &
Bradstreet provided credit information on almost every company, public or private, and that it
would also furnish phone numbers and addresses. I expressed my heartfelt gratitude and hung
up.
