Page 110

I collected the books I'd checked out the night before and flew to the library. Since I had to
consult Dun & Bradstreet anyway, I figured I ought to take back the books. If I put it off for
more than a couple days, I'd totally forget about them and eventually end up with an overdue
fine bigger than my annual bar tab.

Once I got to the library, it didn't take long to find the Dun & Bradstreet reference book. Sure
enough, Genetic Research Systems was listed. The first thing I did was jot down the phone
number and address. The business was located in Sacramento. Then, out of curiosity, I read
the company bio. GRS was one of six subsidiary companies belonging to Western States
Pharmaceuticals. As to what the company did, Dun & Bradstreet's blurb hedged around the
subject like an intelligent but unprepared college student's term paper.

I wanted to find out as much about GRS as I could before making any kind of move. Its
parent company, Western States Pharmaceuticals, sounded vaguely familiar. I ran through the
alphabetical listings to W and read the bio. Somewhat to my surprise, I saw that the parent
company was an affiliate of another corporation- one I knew about: Lowell Percival
Enterprises. My stroll down the paper trail had suddenly gotten very interesting.

   I left the library and, as I flew home, tried to make sense of this new information. Genetic
Research Systems was essentially part of Lowell Percival Enterprises. Was it purely
coincidental that the sealed envelope from GRS was sitting on Alaynah's desk just before the
bombing? All my instincts said the two things were connected. But how?

The personal ads in the Bay City Mirror clearly implied that someone inside GRS was in
contact with the Colonel. From what I'd learned earlier, I concluded that this person was
probably the CAPRICORN mole Paul Dubois had told me about. Why had CAPRICORN felt
it necessary to infiltrate GRS? What was going on at GRS? I decided it was worth checking
out and set course for Sacramento.

It was a short flight. I'd never felt any urgency to visit Sacramento, so this was virgin territory
for me. After stopping to ask for directions three times, I finally ended up in an industrial
section of the city. The buildings were old, prewar structures, and most appeared to be
abandoned and/or condemned. Here and there, I saw barely thriving, unhappy businesses.
From what I could see, the city had expanded to the north, leaving this part of town eerily
isolated and empty.

When I reached the address I'd copied from Dun & Bradstreet, my first impression was not
good. The building, a large rectangular block of cement, looked like it was just half a notch
above a bomb shelter and appeared to be completely abandoned. All the surrounding
buildings were in various stages of decay. I walked to the front door and saw the words
Genetic Research Systems stenciled cheaply on the steel door. The lock on the door was
bolted shut. I walked around the side, past seven or eight blacked-out windows, and continued
on to the back end of the building. There was a rear entrance, but it was sealed as tightly as
the front door. A quick check of the other side of the building confirmed that there were only
two entrances.

It was times like this that nicotine often came to the rescue. Enjoying a smoke not only gave
me something to do, but also seemed to inspire me, elevating my pedestrian thought processes
into the realm of the sublime. I took a long drag and surveyed the building from top to bottom
and end to end. I inhaled again and waited for the brain power to accelerate.
