Page 111

By the time I took the last hit off the Lucky Strike, I'd formulated a plan. I discarded the butt
and searched the ground for a good-sized rock. Finding one, I walked up to one of the
windows and threw it against the window as hard as I could. The rock bounced harmlessly
off.

OK, I needed a Plan B. Maybe there was an entrance on the roof. I backed away and looked
up. The roof was flat, and it had plenty of surface area. I returned to my speeder. A minute
later, I set down on the gravely top of the building. I hopped out and spied what appeared to
be a trap door. The red metal lid had a rusted padlock on it. I returned to the speeder and
retrieved my trusty hammer from the trunk. After five minutes of banging and twisting, the
padlock broke. I traded my hammer for my flashlight, opened the trap door, and climbed
down into the black hole.

When I reached the bottom of the ladder, I turned on the flashlight and looked around.
Locating a light switch nearby, I flipped it but nothing happened. I moved my light around the
room. It appeared to be some sort of storage area. There were rows of metal shelves, piled
high with boxes and crates. Most of the boxes were marked and contained everything from
test tubes to chemicals to computer supplies.

I found a door, opened it, and stepped into a long hallway. I walked to the first door on my
right and entered a room full of computer workstations. The area was divided into cubicles
with low walls, separated by narrow walkways. It looked like a typical office at night or on a
weekend - empty, but not deserted. On some of the desks, I saw coffee mugs, notepads, and
other objects you'd expect to find. I walked to one of the work stations and checked a desk
calendar, the kind with a cartoon for each day of the year. The date was December 7.

I thought back to the last personal ad I'd dug up. It'd been in the December 7 issue. The end of
the message had read, "We sail tonight." The meaning now seemed pretty clear. By all
appearances, GRS had been out of business for exactly three days. Where had they gone?

I returned to the hallway and crossed to another door. This room was a stark contrast to the
cubicle room. It was cavernous and open, like the interior of a warehouse, and looked like it
had functioned as a laboratory. All around the perimeter, overhead cabinets were mounted
above black-covered counters, like the ones in my high school science classroom. Built into
the counters, every twenty feet or so, were large, stainless steel sinks. In the center of the
room were dozens of island tables, all completely bare. I looked through some of the cabinets,
but there was nothing to find besides empty test tubes and other similar supplies. I circled the
room, hoping to find something of interest, but this area, unlike the first room, seemed to have
been thoroughly cleaned out.

Back in the hallway, I checked the next four doors. The first two were the men's and women's
bathrooms, and the other two were utility closets. The last door, at the end of the hall, opened
up to an office. I searched through the desk but, like the laboratory, it had been totally
emptied. A quick search of a file cabinet, a wastebasket, and a cardboard box turned up the
same result. I decided to give the first room a closer look.

I started at the work station closest to the door. Since the power was off, there was no way to
turn on the computers. Upon closer inspection, electricity wouldn't had done me any good
