Page 112

anyway. The data storage clip had been removed. The computer was like a speeder without a
drive cell. I rifled the drawers of the desk, but they were essentially empty.

I walked to the adjoining cubicle and went through the same procedure, with the same result.
In the third cubicle, I saw something sticking out from beneath the computer. I lifted the edge
of the machine and peeled off a piece of masking tape, which had gotten crinkled underneath.
Written on it were the numbers 272551. Probably an inventory number. It gave me an idea.

I went back and checked under the two previous computers. They also had tape with six-digit
inventory numbers stuck on them. I pulled out my notebook and checked the numbers I'd
scribbled down the night before, after I'd found the Shakespeare quote. Act three, scene one,
lines forty-nine and fifty. 314950. That could've been the meaning of the message - to find the
computer with inventory number 314950. It was worth a try.

I hurried through the room, pausing only to inspect the bottoms of the computers. About
halfway through, I found the one numbered 314950. To my disappointment, its data-storage
clip had been removed, just like the others. I opened the top drawer and searched it. Finding
nothing, I moved to the middle drawer, then the bottom drawer. Under a pile of papers, I
found a tissue box. I picked it up, and it was heavier than it should have been. Much heavier. I
tore open the side of the box like a kid unwrapping a Christmas present. There, nestled among
the tissues, was a data-storage clip.

The Colonel had probably been meant to find this. That would explain the contents of the
personal ads and why they were addressed to him. This might have been the only way the
CAPRICORN mole could effectively relay the details on what was happening at GRS - wait
for the decks to clear, then plant a land mine full of information. Well, the Colonel wasn't
around to find the clip, but I was. I slipped the clip into my pocket and made my way back to
the roof. Minutes later, I was speeding in the direction of New San Francisco. My stomach
was in knots with anticipation. I hoped that whatever was on the clip would answer some of
the questions that had been piling up over the past few days. As I closed in on the city I called
home, the sun disappeared over the horizon, and the waning moon hovered above the red
band of fading light. By the time I landed my speeder in front of the Ritz, night had blanketed
the city.

I climbed the fire-escape stairs and stuck my key into the deadbolt. As I stepped inside, just
for an instant, I caught the sound of heavy breathing. A split second later, my jaw slammed
into a wall.
