Page 113

–– CHAPTER TWENTY ––

As nearly as I could tell, I was seated in one of the chairs usually reserved for my clients.
Someone had turned on the banker's lamp on the desk, but my vision still hadn't cleared.
Gradually, a figure came into focus. It was an Asian woman, sitting on the edge of my desk,
wearing a red silk blouse and black jeans.

"Good evening, Mr. Murphy."

Her voice had a slight accent and a hard edge. I touched my chin gingerly and tested my jaw
to see if it still worked. It hurt like hell, but at least they hadn't knocked any teeth out. In my
peripheral vision, I could see a pair of large bodies just behind and on either side of me. The
odds weren't in my favor, but I'd never let that stop me.

"I hope you don't mind if I just make myself at home."

The Asian woman folded her arms. "Something you seem to be in the habit of doing."

"My habits are my business, thank you. Now, if you don't mind me asking, who the hell are
you, and what the hell are you doing in my office?"

Before I could flinch sufficiently, a hairy paw came from behind my right ear and cuffed me
right in the sore spot on my jaw. Blinding pain flashed into my brain. A deep, vaguely
illiterate voice rumbled behind me. "Shut yer face! You ain't askin' the questions here.
Nobody talks to Eddie Ching like that."

Eddie Ching? Damn. This wasn't good at all.

"You're Eddie Ching?"

"You're a fast learner, Mr. Murphy. I respect that in a man. I also respect the job you did on
my flat in Mexico City. It was very cleverly executed. All admiration aside, however, I must
ask you to return the bird to me."

I shifted in my seat and glanced back at the goon who'd cuffed me. "I don't have it."

Ching folded her hands patiently in her lap and smiled condescendingly. "Where is it?"

"I have absolutely no idea."

My response had come out with an unintentionally sarcastic edge to it. The punch happy-goon
made another move. This time I was ready and managed to deflect the blow.

"Listen, Ching. If your goon doesn't quit hitting me, I'm not gonna tell you a goddamn thing."

Ching stared at me passively for a long moment, then waved the apes away. They stepped
back, and I got my first look at the thugs. They were not handsome men. But they were
unbelievably big and radiated violence - the kind of guys who honed their craft through
childhood by stealing lunch money and intimidating teachers into raising their grades to D
minuses.
