Page 114

"All right, Mr. Murphy. Just mind your manners, and we'll get along fine. Answer my
questions, and you'll have a decent chance of getting around the rest of your life without a
walker. Now let's talk about the bird, shall we?"

"We can talk about it all night, but it won't change the fact that I don't have it."

"Fine. Just tell me where I can find it."

"Well, I'm not sure. But I'd start looking in Brownsville, Texas."
Ching shook her head, confused. "Texas?"

"Yeah. That's the last place I saw it. I stopped there for cigarettes, and someone jumped me in
the parking lot. Which reminds me -" I dug into my pocket, which caused the goons to tense
up. I pulled out my pack of smokes and held it up innocently. "I hope you don't mind. This is
a smoking office."

Ching watched me thoughtfully as I lit my cigarette. I blew out a long stream of smoke, and
she tilted her head slightly. "Why should I believe you?"

"It probably won't prove anything, but there's an unusually large bump and several stitches at
the base of my skull. That's about as good as you're going to get."

Ching was silent for a moment, then jumped off the desk. "Imbecile! You have absolutely no
idea what you've done, have you?"

"You don't need to insult me."

Ching moved around to the back of the desk and began to pace. "Why did you steal the bird?"

"I was hired to find it. My client said the statuette had been stolen from her. As far as I knew,
I was just retrieving it."

"Who was your client?"

Hell if I knew. I was sure I'd been set up and that the countess was almost certainly a fake, but
I didn't know what else to tell Ching. "It was an older woman. She said her name was
Countess Renier."

Ching stopped pacing and shook her head. "Jacques Fou. I'd bet my life on it."

Fou. That was the name the Interpol agents had used. The real name of the Chameleon. It was
hard to believe that the countess could actually have been a man, but I'd been fooled along
those lines before. It was a horrible memory. Fortunately, Ching interrupted.

"Why you? How did you get involved?"

I shrugged. "The countess, or Fou, whoever...called and offered me the case. That's it."
