Page 115

Ching circled back around the desk and leaned against it. "Let me tell you what you've done.
There is a group - a cult - more powerful than you can possibly imagine. The bird is very
important to them, and I went to great lengths to keep it from them."

Ching was getting worked up.

"I can't believe that one idiotic PI could just stumble into the middle of all this and ruin
everything!"

I was starting to take exception to the verbal abuse. It simply wasn't my fault. "I really wish
you'd stop calling me names. And what's the big deal with the statuette? You could probably
find one just like it at Goodwill."

Ching stuck a finger in my face. "You don't get it, do you? This cult is planning on destroying
the world! Finding the bird was the last thing on their list!"

I thought back to what Professor Perriman had told me about the brotherhood. It hadn't
sounded very believable then, and it didn't now.

"This sounds like a bunch of mumbo jumbo to me."

Ching was upset. "It sounds ridiculous to everyone! That's the whole point! When everyone
realizes that it's actually going to happen, it'll be too late! We'll all be dead!"

I wasn't convinced, but Ching certainly seemed to be. And she was clearly in charge of the
situation. I didn't think I should provoke her any more than absolutely necessary.

"All right. I believe. What am I supposed to do now?"

"Give me a cigarette."

I handed her a Lucky and lit it. She took an agitated drag and began to pace frantically. After
some time, she stopped and looked at one of the photos on the wall - the one with me, the
Colonel, and Xavier. She whipped around. "You know the Colonel."

I nodded behind a cloud of smoke.

"Do you know what happened to him?"

"I've found out a few things. Interpol thinks Jacques Fou murdered him."

Ching looked at me, reassessing. "If I didn't know better, I'd think you were a complete
incompetent. Apparently, that's not the case. And there aren't many left on our side. Maybe
you can make yourself useful."

I thought it over. My PI instincts told me that Ching was on the level. Maybe this cult stuff
was true, maybe it was a gross exaggeration. Regardless, it had gotten a lot of people killed.
And if Ching was in the know, and I had no reason to believe she wasn't, it seemed that I'd
unwittingly been an accomplice in their plans. I pulled the data-storage clip from my pocket.
"Maybe you can use this."
