Page 116

Ching took it from me and examined it. "What is this?"

"A chapter in a long story."

"We don't have a lot of time. Make it short."

As Ching went to my computer and loaded the clip, I recounted the events that had led me to
GRS. When I finished, she had something on the screen. Even the goons were interested -
there must have been pictures. They moved behind her and peered over her shoulder. I joined
them. Ching was paging through a directory. She clicked on a file labelled COLONEL, and a
document appeared on the monitor.

It was a series of journal-like entries, dating back more than three months. We read the text in
silence.

8/14/42 - I've made initial contact with the cult. The Colonel's information was right on. At
least two employees here are members. I haven't been able to find a solid link between GRS
and the cult, but I'm sure that Tucker knows what's going on. Over the past month, I've been
letting people know that I support the eugenics movement. I was contacted today by a cult
member named Murray. He's a project supervisor. I'll be attending an initiation meeting
sometime next week.

8/17/42 - I've gotten to know one of Tucker's assistants. I'm fairly sure he knows nothing
about the cult. He told me that Tucker doesn't trust most of his staff and has the project groups
working separately. I'm trying to work my way into a position where I can find out what's
going on, but everyone's keeping quiet.

8/20/42 - Fifteen or sixteen people came to the meeting at Tucker's home. There were eight
employees of GRS, and I didn't know the others. I got the name of only one other cult
member, a little nazi named Camden Leander. Reminded me of Heinrich Himmler. He
seemed to be the highest ranking member. I didn't learn much; they seemed more concerned
with grilling me. Apparently, it was some type of pre-initiation.

9/22/42 - I've been attending the cult meetings every week, but everything I've learned is
essentially a crash course on the Crusade for Genetic Purity. A lot of talk of eugenics, getting
rid of the Mutants, etc., but no specifics.

10/11/42 - I heard something disturbing at the meeting last night. It wasn't said outright, but it
was implied that everyone involved in the project who isn't initiated into the cult knows too
much and will be eliminated when the project is finished.

11/19/42 - It looks like the project is almost completed. The cult members are ecstatic. I keep
hearing them use the words "purification" and "alluvion." I don't know what they mean, but
whatever's going to happen is going to happen soon. I'm planning on notifying the Colonel
this week so we can make the delivery.

11/23/42 - A man attended our last meeting wearing a mask. His voice was somehow familiar,
but I couldn't place him. He went by the name of Phoenix, and apparently he's in charge, the
way everyone treated him. I noticed him watching me during the meeting. Afterwards, he
