Page 118

–– CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE ––

Ching and I discussed our plans for more than an hour. Talking to her, I came to the
conclusion that she would be a good person to have in my camp. She said she had connections
and would find a way for us to get passage to the lunar penal colony. Even I knew that getting
to the moon required clearance, but Ching said it could be bought from the right people. We
determined that it was too late to retrieve the statuette. All we could do now was try to find
out what the cult planned to do. And the answer seemed to be off-planet.

Ching told me that she'd contact me as soon as she made arrangements, and then she left. Her
thugs, who were introduced as Lou and Felipe, didn't seem too happy about me joining their
vigilante band, but I shook their hands anyway and wished them a good night. When I was
alone, I wondered if I was getting involved foolishly. I already suspected that I was getting in
over my head, and everything Ching had told me seemed to confirm this. But the things she
had said also led me to believe that if we didn't do something, no one would. With
CAPRICORN decimated, the Colonel dead, and the rest of the world in blissful ignorance, I
was inclined to agree.

The question was, do what? We had almost no clue as to the cult's intentions. What was the
aim of the project at GRS? Why would they need to continue their work at the lunar penal
colony? Again, I found myself asking a million questions and coming up with no answers.
Maybe I just needed a few mugs of the Armageddon.

Business at the Brew & Stew was surprisingly slow. Even at eleven o'clock on a weeknight,
the place was usually half full. When I stepped inside the diner, I counted eight heads. Rook
was sitting on his preferred bar stool, playing chess with another old Mutant, who I didn't
recognize. Louie was leaning on the other side of the counter, intently watching the match. He
looked up and waved. "Hey there, Murph. C'mon in! I think we can squeeze ya in
somewhere."

I sidled over to the bar and sat next to Rook's back. Rook glanced over his shoulder. "Well, if
it isn't Murphy. How goes the search for true love?"

"It's a myth, Rook. The best I can hope for is the companionship of swell friends like you."

Rook snorted and returned to his game. Louie grinned and shook my hand, but his expression
became concerned when he noticed the knuckle-shaped marks on my chin."Geez, Murph,
what happened?"

My hand went self-consciously to my jaw. "Oh, nothing. Shaving accident."

Louie turned his head slightly and gave me the eye. "You gotta take better care. If you ain't
careful, yer gonna end up lookin' like me."

"Don't kid yourself, Louie. You're a handsome man."

The big Mutant actually blushed. "So, what'll yer poison be tonight?"

"Just a cup of the Armageddon."
