Page 119

"Comin' up."

The television behind the bar was tuned to a music video station. If the on-screen action was
indicative of the music, I was glad the sound was muted. I heard Rook's friend call check and
decided to investigate the chess game. It didn't require any neck craning to look over Rook's
petite, rounded shoulder. I'd never been much of a chess player, though I'd loaded it on my
computer. The chess program had ten levels. I could win on level one with my eyes closed,
but level two beat the snot out of me every time. It was just like my experience with women.
Almost exactly.

Despite my lack of chess expertise, it seemed pretty clear that Rook was being taken to school
by his chess buddy. Rook seemed to sense that I was peeping and turned around indignantly.
"Don't you have something better to do than leer over my shoulder? Look, there's a TV. Why
don't you watch that?"

I held up my hands. "Sorry, Rook. Don't let me disturb you. Looks like you're having a hard
enough time without me witnessing the humiliation."

"You are so very funny." Rook turned back to the game as Louie emerged from the kitchen
with a small plate and a steaming mug of java.

"Fresh pot. And I thought you might like a little something to munch on."

Louie had cut up three or four kinds of cheese and laid the slices out with pieces of ham and
turkey. There was even a dollop of brown mustard in the center of the plate. At any other
restaurant in the city, this little dainty would've run anywhere from five bucks to a C-note - at
Louie's place, it came with the coffee. I helped myself to a chunk of sharp cheddar while
Louie dipped a slice of turkey in the mustard.

"Tell me something, Louie. You ever gotten yourself into a situation and realized you're in
over your head?"

Louie chewed pensively, then took a sip off a can of Diet Shasta. "Sure. Got one of them right
now, as a matter of fact." He set the can down to free up his hands for gesturing. "You see,
my sister's boy, Dalton, is graduating from Berkley. Now, I think of him like my own son, so
I told him I would be at his graduation. Then, as luck would have it, my goddaughter is gettin'
married on the same day. Well, I wasn't even thinkin' about the graduation, and I said I'd
come to the weddin'."

"Same time of day?"

"Of course. So what do I do?"

I shrugged and took another piece of cheese. "Easy. Go to the graduation."

Louie looked perplexed. "How come?"

"You only graduate once."
