Page 120

Louie couldn't argue with flawless logic and helped himself to a slice of ham. As he dabbed
mustard, he gave me an appraising look. "You know what I think?"

"Probably not."

"I think you need to find somebody nice and settle down. That's what I'd do if I was you."

I shook my head. "I don't think so. It's an image thing, you know. PIs and women mix like
toothpaste and orange juice. Besides, I already tried it once."

"I dunno, Murph. There's nothin' better than the love of a good woman."

"Good woman are extinct."

Louie grinned. "Not extinct. Endangered, maybe. But not extinct. I think yer too young to be
givin' up hope."

I took a sip of hot coffee. "I don't know, Louie. Things have gotten much easier since I gave
up hope."

My unwavering pessimism seemed to have won the day. Louie retreated to the kitchen for the
pot of Armageddon. On the television, a hideously attractive young woman was writhing on
camera, wearing two beer coasters and a scowl and not much more. Louie burst from the
kitchen like an Olympic torch bearer and refilled my coffee mug.

"Fou prend reine! Echec et mat!"

I didn't know French, but something in the phrase caught my ear. I turned to see Rook's chess
partner downing a shot, apparently celebrating his victory. I leaned around Rook and
addressed the other man. "What did you just say?"

"Fou prend reine! Echec et mat!" Bishop takes queen - checkmate!"

Something was clicking in my head. "Fou means bishop?"

The old Mutant nodded and spoke with a slight accent.

"It means bishop, in regards to the chess piece. Fou is quite an interesting word. It is mostly
used as a - what is the word?...adjective..."

While the pedant babbled on about linguistics, I was busy checking my pockets for the almost
forgotten blue index card. It suddenly occured to me that I might have overlooked an
interpretation for part of the code. The card was still in my coat pocket. I pulled it out and
read it again. BXK+A261184. BxK. Bishop takes king. I turned to the old chess player and
interrupted him in mid-sentence.

"Fou means bishop. What is the French word for king?"

"Roi."
