Page 121

Roy. Colonel Roy O'Brien. All signs pointed to him being murdered by Jacques Fou. The
code had to be a message from the Colonel. Maybe he knows that Fou was after him and
stood a decent chance of getting him. So what did the rest of the code refer to? I handed the
card to the old Mutant.

"Does this mean anything to you?"

The old man studied the card, rubbing his chin. "Well...I don't know about the numbers on the
end, but the first part could, perhaps, have something to do with chess notation. Bishop
captures king. Check. That is what the plus sign means. Then A2. That would be the Rook's
pawn."

Rook's pawn? I ran the words together. Fou captures Roi...check...Rook's pawn...61184. The
message suddenly made sense. I turned to Rook and pointed to the last five numbers. "Could
these be the numbers from one of your pawn tickets?"

Rook tilted his head back and peered through the lower half of his bifocals. "I suppose so."

Even Rook seemed excited as the four of us bolted from the diner and hurried up the street to
the pawnshop. Rook reached the door first, fumbled with a huge ring of keys, and finally
swung the door open. Louie, the old Frenchman, and I followed him inside. The smells here
were not as warm and comfortable as those at the Brew & Stew, but they were not unpleasant.
The shop reeked of water-stained maps, dusty steamer trunks, and crackling parchment.

Rook moved to the other side of the counter and reached underneath for a large ledger. "What
were the numbers again?"

 "61184."

Rook flipped open the tome and pushed his glasses higher on his nose. "Let's see. Hmm...yes.
Here it is. No name listed. I paid out fifty dollars."

Rook looked up and peered at me over the top of his spectacles. "I will expect to be
compensated for this item."

Louie groaned. "For cryin' out loud, Rook. Will ya just get the darn thing? I'll give ya the fifty
bucks if ya think it's gonna put ya outta business."

Rook wanted to argue the point, but was outnumbered. He closed the ledger and scuttled off
into the back room. Less than a minute later, he reappeared and set a small package on the
counter, wrapped in newspaper. Rook glared at me impatiently. "Well, don't just stand there.
Open it!"

I walked to the counter and nervously undid the wrapping. The box underneath was plain
cardboard. I opened the box and looked inside. There was a watch and a folded piece of
paper. I pulled out the watch and inspected it briefly before handing it to Louie. Then I picked
up the piece of paper and unfolded it. The note was handwritten. I scanned through the
contents quickly, then saw the Colonel's signature at the bottom.
