Page 122

"Come on, Murphy. Let's hear it." Rook was examining the watch carefully. I doubted that he,
or the other men, would have the faintest idea what the contents of the letter meant, but the
least I could do was humor them. I cleared my throat and started to read.


Tex

 I hope you never have to read this. But, since you are, it probably means something has gone
wrong. Now I need you to put aside any negative personal feelings you might have toward me
and help a bigger cause. I'm asking you to do this for two reasons: One, I know you're not
already involved, which means I can trust you and the people who want to stop me probably
don't know about you. Two, I believe you've still got what it takes to pull this off.

 I don't want to tell you any more than you need to know, but I'm going to give you a little
background information, so you don't underestimate the importance of this.

For some time, I've sensed the presence of an evil force at work in this city. A web of
violence and anarchy has been spreading, and I'm sure that in the center of that web is a single
powerful faction. This person or group is carefully feeding the growing violence between
Mutants and Norms, which has escalated to the point of civil war. Many of the recent random
crimes, murders, and apparent suicides seem to be links in a dark chain. Where that chain
leads, I don't know for sure, but I'm getting close.

I'm convinced now that there exists a small, powerful cult known as the Brotherhood of
Purity. There are some who believe that this brotherhood has existed for centuries and has
carefully masterminded most of the major social and political events throughout history. The
cultists believe they are genetically superior and that they'll inherit the Earth after some sort of
cataclysmic event.

   The cult is opposed by CAPRICORN. This agency is known for its work in civil rights, but
its most important purpose is to infiltrate groups that pose a threat to society, then unravel
them from the inside out. Dozens of cults, terrorist groups, and political cabals have been
broken up before the public even knew they was a threat.

   Over the past several weeks, CAPRICORN has been almost completely dismantled, from
the inside out. Almost all of their agents have disappeared, almost certainly murdered. No one
knows who is behind this treachery, but it's been done quickly and thoroughly. There are only
a few of us left to carry on the fight against the cult. One of these people is a man named Paul
DuBois. It is absolutely imperative that you deliver to him the watch I included with this note.
CAPRICORN chose me to be a courier because I was an outsider who could be trusted. Now
I'm asking you to fulfil the same responsibility. The delivery is supposed to take place on
December 9 at 10P.M. in a nightclub called the Land Mine.

   Tell no one about any of this. The cult is everywhere, and they must not find out what
you're doing. There is no back up plan, Tex. Don't fail me.
   --- The Colonel


I folded the note and looked around at my companions. "You know what this means, don't
you?"
