Page 124

–– CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO ––


Even in the wee hours of the morning, the New San Francisco Interplanetary Spaceport was a
teeming jambalaya of humanity. Swarming mobs of dishevelled and nicotine-deprived
travellers from hundreds of countries and speaking dozens of languages created smelly, pell-
mell pandemonium that would've made the aftermath of the Tower of Babel look like a
quilting bee. I was reminded anew of how much I loathed spaceports. I also despised going to
sporting events, concerts, and grocery superstores, all for the same reason: people. I was
convinced that you could turn even the most decent and intelligent person into a complete
idiot simply by putting them into a crowd. On second thought, most people were idiots one on
one, as well.

I jostled and knifed my way through roaming clusters of imbeciles and eventually reached the
bank of courtesy phones. Ching and her matching set of goons were waiting. As the thugs
cleared a path through the crowd, Ching informed me that she'd called in a few favors and
gotten arrangements made for our flight. She certainly did work fast. It made me glad we
were on the same team.

We made our way through the terminal to the gates. About five miles later, we reached the
charter gates and exited the building. The night was clear, but cold, and our breath was
steaming as we crossed the tarmac. Eventually, we reached an aircraft hangar and entered. It
was chilly and dark inside, except for a rectangle of light spilling from a doorway in the back
of the structure. When we reached the door, the goons waited outside while Ching and I
entered.

The room beyond turned out to be a small office with one occupant - a rough-looking chap,
reclining in a chair with his feet up on a desk. Ching introduced me to Karl Voorman and said
that he would be handling the piloting duties on our little excursion. Voorman shook my hand
and nodded, without a hint of pleasantness. Ching began discussing arrangements with him,
giving me a chance to scrutinize the pilot.

He wore a full beard, which was jet-black. Together with his dark, sunken eyes, it gave him a
distinctly sinister look. His voice was low and sullen, and when he spoke, it was almost
begrudgingly. I got the impression that he was a man of action and preferred to avoid talking
whenever possible. It was trait I'd always admired and was number three on the list of
characteristics I looked for in a woman. Unfortunately, in all my past relationships, I'd rarely
gotten past the first two characteristics.

Ching and Voorman bartered briefly, then came to an agreement. Ching insisted that there be
no questions asked and offered the pilot a handsome payoff for his silence. Five minutes later,
we left the hangar and walked to a midsized shuttle-cruiser, parked just outside. It was the
kind of spacecraft used by successful smugglers - very fast and manoeuvrable. I guessed that
Voorman ran a lucrative operation.

The shuttle was no vacation cruise ship, but it was sufficiently equipped for the thirty-hour
flight. We strapped in for takeoff and, forty-five minutes later, were officially off-planet. I'd
only been on two spaceflights in my life, and the experience was still a novelty to me. Maybe
that was why I didn't feel particularly tired, even though it was almost 5 A.M.
