Page 125

Despite the moderate turbulence associated with breaking free of Earth's gravitational pull,
Ching's henchmen were nodding off, snug behind their safety harnesses. Ching was awake
and seemed somewhat jittery. I yawned and glanced at my new watch. I wondered if Ching
might have some idea as to its significance. There was nothing to lose by checking. I removed
the watch from my wrist and handed it over. "What do you think about this watch?"

Ching looked it over without a hint of recognition, then gave it back to me. "Looks nice."

Since it obviously didn't mean anything to her, I decided to spare her the details. A few
moments later, we broke free of the exposure six hundred miles up, and the ride smoothed
out. Ching pulled out a large knapsack. Luckily, she'd shown considerably more foresight
than I had, bringing along plenty of ready-to-eat foodstuffs. Her knapsack, however,
contained an even more valuable treasure: two bottles of Black Bush Irish whiskey. She
produced a bottle and held it up. "Got a use for this?"

I smiled warmly. Ching had just advanced from the "Casual Ally" category straight into
"Friends Of Tex."

"I can think of a couple."

She opened the bottle, took a long draught, and handed it to me. "I hate these space flights.
They always make me sick. All I can do is get drunk and try to sleep."

I nodded sympathetically. "I understand completely. I have the same reaction to women." I
raised the bottle to my parched lips. "Nothing personal."

I drank deeply and felt the tingling warmth run down my gullet and into my empty stomach.
This wasn't the official PI breakfast - that, of course, was a cigarette and coffee. This was
more like the PI brunch. I took another mouthful, then passed the bottle back. Then I got out
my pack of Luckies and offered one to Ching, who declined. As I lit up, I caught sight of a no
smoking sticker. The cigarette tasted extra good.

As I exhaled, Lou snorted and jolted upright. "We there yet?"

Ching spoke like a protective parent. "Not yet, Lou. Go back to sleep."

Lou nodded wearily and almost immediately began to snore.

Ching passed the whiskey over and turned to look out a window. I studied her for several
minutes. I wasn't quite sure what to think of Ms. Ching. When I'd been tracking down the
statuette, I'd gotten the impression that everyone was scared to death of her. Now that I was
sitting across from her, she didn't seem particularly dangerous. She was just a regular, living,
breathing person with an upset stomach. It confirmed my theory that mystique was always
more powerful that reality. I cleared my throat to get her attention. "Tell me something, Ms.
Ching. Why is everybody so scared of you?"

Ching smiled and motioned for me to pass the Black Bush.
