Page 126

"Because that's the way I like it. I've put a good deal of effort into developing a reputation. I
rarely deal face to face with my clients. The less people know about me, the better it is for
business."

"You ever killed anyone?"

The woman laughed. "Of course. Bluffing only takes you so far. There isn't a lot of integrity
in my line of work. If someone crosses you and gets away with it, everyone else will think
they can do it, too."

"You plan on killing me?"

Ching shrugged and took a sip of whiskey. "I haven't decided yet. We'll have to see how
things go. Right now, I'd say it's sixty-forty in your favor."

"If you don't mind me asking, what is it you do, specifically?"

Ching yawned and capped the bottle. "Why do you want to know?"

I dropped my cigarette butt onto the floor and stepped on it. "I'm thinking about getting into
another line of work. Yours seems to pay pretty well."

Ching leaned back into her seat. "I'm sort of a commodities dealer. I use my connections to
find rare and valuable items, buy them, then sell them to the highest bidder."

"How'd you get involved with the statuette?"

Ching smiled drowsily. "The statuette has a long history behind it. No one really knows how
old it is, but it's one of the most ancient artefacts in the world. I'd heard about it years ago, that
it had disappeared during the 1940s. Most of those in the know assumed that it had been
added to the Nazis' extensive collection of art and occult objects. Then it suddenly turned up it
some Viennese attic. The man who found it donated it to a museum in Vienna. Immediately, a
race was on to see who could steal it first. Private collectors began to ante up astronomical
offers for it. Naturally, it was something I felt I should get in on.

"Security at the museum was very tight, but an accomplished acquaintance of mine managed
to get past it and snatch the statuette. Knowing that he was sitting on a fortune, he contacted
me and asked me to make inquiries. I compiled a list of potential buyers and collected bids,
the highest of which was in the high nine figures. I was about to carry out the deal when I was
contacted by the head of CAPRICORN. How he knew about me and the statuette, I don't
know, but he filled me in on its history and the cult that wanted it.

"It seemed too fantastic for me to believe at first, but then I did some checking around.
Everything I learned seemed to back up what the man from CAPRICORN had told me. I
decided to hold onto the statuette and see what happened. As time passed, I began to sense
that the cult was getting desperate to find its talisman. Apparently, they were under some sort
of time constraint...something to do with one of their prophecies. It seems they had a preset
date for when their plan was to be carried out. I never found out the exact date, but I knew it
had to be soon."
