Page 127

Ching rubbed her eyes. I was trying not to feel guilty.

"Do you think the cult would've gone through with its plans without the statuette?"

Ching's eyes were closed. "I don't know. Probably."

She began to breathe deeply. I let her sleep, feeling a little less responsible. Then I got out my
seat and grabbed the bottle of whiskey. After taking a few sips, I lit another cigarette and
looked out into the great vacuum.

This whole scenario reminded me of my religious beliefs, or lack thereof. I'd never really
thought much about God, or life after death, but occasionally I'd ask myself, what if? I now
found myself wondering the same thing about the cult. It didn't seem plausible to me that
some group would actually have the power to take over the world, but what if they did? And
if so, what chance did Ching and I have of stopping them?

Here we were, flying toward the moon with no plan, no idea of what we would find. I leaned
back in my seat and closed my eyes. For all I knew, the fate of the world rested on the
shoulders of an out-of-work PI, a fence, and two thugs. I drifted into an uneasy sleep.

When I woke, Ching and her henchmen were breaking their fast with some kind of brightly
colored snack cake. I opted for the PI brunch. We still had another twenty hours to go. The
time passed slowly, but it gave me a chance to find some redemptive qualities in Lou and
Felipe. Ching's henchmen weren't the brightest guys I'd ever met, but Lou, the one who'd
smacked me around, turned out to be a talker and kept me entertained unintentionally with a
steady stream of malapropisms, mixed metaphors, and unbelievably creative profanity. Felipe,
the more cerebral of the two, actually came up with the occasional four-syllable word, and
almost floored me when he whipped out a cribbage board and a deck of cards.

Cribbage, of course, was the greatest two-played game ever invented. My mom had taught me
to play right after teaching me how to go pee-pee by myself. Since Ching didn't play and had
no desire to, and Lou had yet to master Go Fish, Felipe was as happy to find a fellow player
as I was.

Voorman didn't join us once throughout the flight. Instead, he sat in the cockpit and read.
Ching spent most of the time staring out a window, interrupting her meditations intermittently
to clean one of the many firearms she'd brought along. I didn't ask how she'd gotten them
through the spaceport security. Lou kept himself amused with a Robet E. Howard paperback
and a bag of pork rinds. Every few seconds, he'd silently sound out a word, then shake his
head. At one point, I timed the length between page turns. Eight minutes.

Felipe and I, meanwhile, played a couple games of cribbage, feeling each other out
tentatively, he like a mediocre boxer, me like a python with a cornered gerbil. Felipe cut a few
lucky cards and eked out a victory in the second game, after which he suggested that we play
for money. I casually suggested a dime a point - a quarter past the skunk line - and my
unsuspecting opponent agreed. Calculating the length of the flight and the number of games
we could get in, I figured I could pocket about four hundred bucks.
