Page 128

I owed Felipe a little more than two hundred dollars when Voorman emerged from the
cockpit. He took a seat by Ching and removed a cigar from his mouth. "We're about an hour
out. I figured we should discuss what you want to do when we arrive."

Ching filled Voorman in briefly on what we knew about GRS and asked if he had any idea
what they would be doing on the moon. Voorman thought it over for a moment. "I've heard
that there's some kind of research facility up here. I don't know where it is, but you can
probably find the way there through the operation center. I'll get you in, but what you do after
that is your problem. I just agreed to get you there."

Ching nodded. "Once we get in, how many people will we have to get past?"

Voorman shrugged. "The complex is pretty much fully automated. There aren't more than a
dozen people running the whole place."

Voorman pulled out a piece of paper and unfolded it. I moved to get a better look and saw
what appeared to be a diagrammed layout of the complex. From what I could tell, it was
comprised of six or seven domed biospheres, all connected by some type of subway system.
Voorman pointed to one of the domes. "This is the op-center. We'll land here. I've made
deliveries before and shouldn't have any trouble getting in. After we land, I'm staying in the
shuttle, and you'll have eight hours. I need to leave after that. If you're not back by then, I'll
leave you behind. We clear on that?"

Ching said she understood, and Voorman returned to the cockpit, leaving the diagram for us
to examine. We crowded around while Ching formulated a strategy. We would all be armed to
the teeth and would hopefully catch the people in the op-center by surprise. After subduing
any resistance, we would split up and search the complex. Ching had brought along
communication devices and rebreathers, which would allow us to leave the biospheres if it
became necessary. Then she passed out the equipment, and we waited anxiously to land.

Looking out the window, I could see the moon getting larger by the minute. A short while
later, I heard Voorman's voice through the partially open cockpit door. He was repeatedly
asking for permission to land, but there seemed to be no response. After several minutes, he
poked his head through the door. "For some reason, they're not answering. Looks like I'll have
to set the shuttle down outside the op-center."

Ching looked at me, a concerned expression on her face. "I'm not sure if this is good news or
not."

Twenty minutes later, the shuttle came to rest and powered down. Ordinarily, Ching informed
me, we would have landed in an air lock. But since no one was responding in the op-center,
we had to touch down on the moon's surface and would have to walk. Through the window, I
saw a massive structure that resembled a metal bowl turned upside down. To the right, I could
see two others in the distance. We bundled ourselves into space suits, strapped on our
rebreathers, and checked to make sure they were working correctly. Voorman came in and
opened the hatch for us. We climbed single-file out of the shuttle and down the ladder.

For the first time, I stepped onto the dusty surface of the moon. Immediately, I felt the effects
of minimal gravity. I turned and bounced along after Ching in the direction of the op-center.
We reached the dome and began to move clockwise around the perimeter. A minute later, we
