Page 129

came to a sealed door built into the curved surface. Ching tried the door, but it didn't open.
She motioned for us to stand back, then levelled a large gun at it, and pulled the trigger.

The blast left a hole the size of a basketball where the door handle had been. Lou stepped up
and reached inside. With a mighty tug, the door swung open, and we followed the big man
into the dome.

We found ourselves in a short tunnel, with a door at the other end. Ching pushed past Lou,
walked up to the control panel on the wall beside the door, and pushed a button. With a
hydraulic hiss, the door slid open, and we rushed through, weapons ready to fire.

The room was empty. The four of us looked at each other, partly relieved, partly confused.
Ching turned and closed the door behind us, then loosened her rebreather and signalled that it
was safe to remove the apparatus. Slowly, we relaxed and began to look around. The space
was large and circular, like the dome over it. Computer consoles lined the perimeter, and
several computer stations dotted the center of the room.

We fanned out, and I walked to the nearest console. Most of the equipment was running, with
monitors displaying everything from camera views to data readouts. The first section I
checked was labelled Maximum Security Zone 10. Several dozen cameras were trained on an
area that resembled a prison camp. None of them showed any movement whatsoever.
Wherever this maximum security area was, it appeared to be completely abandoned.

I circled around, pausing every few feet to inspect computer screens. There were inventory
displays, prisoner records, and a good deal of indecipherable data. One bit of information
caught my eye. It was a listing of zone populations and seemed to show that, as of November
22, there were four hundred and eighteen occupants in Maximum Security Zone 10. What
happened to the prisoners?

As I continued my examination, I saw several other banks of camera monitors, all of which
showed deserted areas like the one I'd already seen. From what I could gather, the entire
complex was abandoned. My investigation was interrupted by Ching, who called me over to
where she was standing.

She found a computer display of the complex's layout. Most of the areas were color-coded,
and we were able to identify sections of minimum, medium, and maximum security. The op-
center was also clearly marked, but there were three sections without a description. Ching and
I agreed that we should explore those areas first. According to the layout, there four transport
tubes, one at each primary compass point. We looked around the room and saw four
corresponding exits. Ching would explore one area, I'd take another, and Lou and Felipe
would go cover the other two.

I walked to one of the doors and examined the control panel beside it, which was not unlike
and elevator panel. One of the buttons looked especially important, so I pressed it. A yellow
light flashed on and began to blink. Thirty seconds later, the light changed to a solid green,
and the door slid open. Beyond was a small compartment with two rows of facing seats and
windows all around. I buckled myself into one of the seats near the door, then pressed a
button to the left of the door. It slid shut, and the compartment began to move.
