Page 130

Through the windows, I saw the moon's landscape flying by. I looked in the direction I was
moving and saw a long, clear tunnel. The compartment seemed to be moving along a
monorail. A few moments later, it began to slow down, then came to a rest against a door
identical to the one back at the op-center. I pressed the button by the door, and it slid open.

Suddenly, all the oxygen seemed to leave my lungs, and I groped for my rebreather.
Apparently, this section had been shut down. Once my rebreather was in place and I'd
regained my composure, I stood up and entered a narrow hallway that looked like it ran all the
way around the dome's perimeter. A door directly in front of me proved to be locked, so I
turned right and started walking.

Doors were built into the inside walls every twenty feet or so, but they were all locked. It
wasn't until I'd gone at least halfway around that I found one left ajar. I pushed on it, but it
didn't want to move. Then I lowered my shoulder and pushed hard. The door moved inward,
and I heard the sound of something sliding on the floor. When the opening was wide enough
to pass through, I squeezed in and took a look at what had been blocking the door.

It was a body. A heavy set, middle-aged man stared up at me with unseen eyes. He had a
massive wound in his chest, and his white shirt was stained dark brown with dried blood. I
pried my eyes away from the corpse and saw eight others, all within twenty feet of each other.
Every one of them had been shot. It looked like a mass execution.

Immediately, I thought of the missing prisoners. But these people didn't look like convicts. I
bent down and went through the pockets of a dead woman. Keys, a pen, a pack of chewing
gum...and an ID card. It read, "Janice Bergman - Genetic Research Systems."

So this is where they'd ended up. Now, the question was, what had they been doing? And why
had these people been murdered? Was there a mutiny of some kind? I stood up and looked
around. The room was semicircular. Along the left side, the wall was rounded, and the ceiling
rose up at quite a steep angle. To my right was a long, straight, high wall of Plexiglass. Up
against the Plexiglass was a series of workstations and chairs. It looked like the engineering
booth in a large recording studio.

I walked toward the clear glass wall. On the other side was what appeared to be the interior of
a biosphere. There were trees, grass, flowers, and plants of all types. I estimated the size of
the garden-like area to be at least the square footage of a football field. It would have been a
beautiful site, except for one thing. The floor was covered with dead bodies.

The scene was nightmarish. There were literally hundreds of men, women, and children. It
looked like old pictures I'd seen of the Holocaust. I pressed my face against the glass and
stared at the corpses nearest to me. These people were probably the missing prisoners. As I
looked over the carnage, I was especially horrified at the presence of children. For a moment I
wondered why children were here, but then I remembered hearing that minimum-security
prisoners weren't automatically sterilized and that male and female prisoners were allowed to
mingle. Sometimes, even marriages were allowed. So, it wasn't just incarcerated scum that
had been slaughtered here, but entire families.

Why had the prisoners been murdered? And how? Unlike people on my side of the wall, the
victims in the biosphere hadn't been shot. In fact, there was no visible cause of death. I
decided to take a closer look. There were doors at either end of the Plexiglass wall. I walked
