Page 131

to one of them and was about to open it when I noticed a row of decontamination suits
hanging on the wall. Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to enter the biosphere.

I turned away and began searching through the workstations for details on what had happened
to the prisoners. There was no power for the consoles, so the contents of the computers were
off-limits. I opened drawers and looked in wastebaskets for some time. Eventually, I found a
printout that provided some information.


ATTN: Project Supervisor
RE: Length of Process

The virus will be introduced into the atmosphere via dispenser satellites. With maximum
flight-path alignment and a minimum of one thousand dispensers, Earth's atmosphere will be
thoroughly saturated within twelve hours. We estimate that eighty to eighty-five percent of
the population will expire within the first twelve hours, an additional 10 percent within thirty-
six hours, and the effective remainder within seven days.


I read the message several times. If it meant what I thought it did, the cult was planning on
fumigating Earth with some kind of virus. And if the biosphere full of corpses was any
indication, the billions down below wouldn't stand a chance of surviving. I didn't know
anything about chemistry, and most of the other things I found were too technical for me to
understand. As far as I could determine, the GRS scientists had spent the past few years
developing the virus referred to in the message. How it worked was beyond me, but it was
quick and lethal.

That left only one question. If the virus was to be released from dispenser satellites, from
where would the satellites originate? Not from the moon, seeing how the complex was
abandoned. There was only one logical answer: The cult would attack from the Moon Child.
But when? Maybe it had happened already. Ching and I might have escaped just in time. Or
maybe there was still time.

I turned on my communication device and paged Ching. After a moment, her voiced piped
through my speaker. "Find anything?"

"Yeah. GRS was definitely here."

Ching's voice was excited. "Stay where you are. I'll meet you there."

"Don't bother. There's not much here to see except a bunch of dead bodies. The GRS
scientists were working on some kind of virus. It looks like they came up here to use the
prisoners as test subjects. Since the place is abandoned, I'm willing to bet they're all finished
and, from what I can piece together, they're planning on dumping the virus into Earth's
atmosphere. Unless I'm way off, they're going to do it from the Moon Child."

Ching didn't respond immediately. "I guess we need to get to the Moon Child."

There was another pause. "All right. Let's all meet back at the op-center and get out of here."
