Page 132

I was about to leave when I took another look at the nine bodies by the door where I'd come
in. For the first time, the thought occurred to me that the CAPRICORN mole might be among
the victims. I crossed the room and began searching the bodies. If the mole was one of these
people, maybe he was carrying a message, or something that would help us. It was disgusting,
horrible work, but I was desperate. After ten minutes, I decided there was nothing to find.

Hopefully, the mole was alive and well. Maybe he'd gotten onto the Moon Child and would
find some way to stop the cult. There wasn't much else to hope for. I decided to return to the
transport tunnel.

Inside the compartment, I pressed the button by the door and began moving back toward the
op-center. Suddenly, my communication device crackled to life, and I heard Ching's voice.

"If I go down, one of you is going with me!"

An unfamiliar male voice spoke up. "Just put down your weapon, and no one'll get hurt."

Ching wasn't buying it. "I don't think so. You put yours down first."

Ching had turned on her communication device to warn me. I reached up and hit a button to
stop the compartment, and then hit another one to reverse course, moving away from the op-
center. Ching continued to argue with several male voices. They seemed to be in a Mexican
standoff. I tried not to panic. Over the communication device, I could hear Ching obviously
trying to buy time. Then there was silence.

The compartment stopped, and I exited back into the GRS dome. I didn't want to be
discovered, but it would be just as bad to be marooned. I decided to look for another exit from
the dome and try to get back to Voorman's shuttle. At best, Ching would end up captured. At
least one of us had to get out.

I hadn't seen an exit door the first time around, so this time I turned left and sprinted down the
hallway, still cradling the gun Ching had given me. I'd gone maybe a hundred yards when I
reached a door marked Emergency Exit Only - Alarm Will Sound. With the power cut off, I
hoped that there would be no alarm, but I didn't have any choice. I pushed with my shoulder
against the door and stepped outside.

As far as I could tell, nothing went off. I glanced around, trying to get my bearings. It seemed
to me that the fastest way to the shuttle would be around the right side of the op-center dome,
and I set off in that direction. I covered ground quickly, bounding ten feet or more with every
stride.

As I came around the side of the dome where Ching was trapped, I saw a transport tunnel
straight ahead. Unless I went all the way around another dome, I'd have to go over the top of
the tunnel. I gathered all my strength and ran straight toward the tunnel, then leaped. The
tunnel had a rounded roof. I hit it about two-thirds of the way up, somersaulted over the top,
and then landed in a soft heap on the other side. The collision had made me drop my gun - on
the other side. At least I was uninjured. I stood up and made sure my rebreather was OK, then
continued on toward the waiting shuttle.
