Page 133

There was no one in sight as I approached the escape vehicle. I opened the hatch and crawled
inside. I checked the cockpit, but Voorman wasn't there - a bad sign. If he'd been caught as
well, I was as good as dead. At that moment, I caught a movement out of the corner of my
eye, through one of the windows. Four men were emerging from the door of the op-center.
One of them was Karl Voorman. There was no sign of Ching, Lou, or Felipe. It appeared that
we'd been set up.

I rifled through the storage bins, hoping that Ching had left a weapon on board, but I couldn't
find one. I glanced quickly around the interior of the shuttle. There was no place to hide,
except for the lavatory. I hurried inside and locked the door, trying not to breathe too loudly.

A minute later, I heard the hatch open, and the men climbed in. One voice spoke up. "I say we
go find the fourth one."

A second voice responded. "Don't worry about it. What's he gonna do?"

A third voice joined in. It was Voorman. "We haven't got time to look for him. We're
supposed to be on the Moon Child in a few hours."

The first man gave in. "All right. Are we gonna take both vehicles?"

Voorman spoke again. "No, let's all go in this one. It's faster."

"Fine by me. Let's get going."

I hunkered down and hoped fervently that none of the men had a weak bladder. Maybe there
was a chance I'd get to the Moon Child without being discovered. Through the door, I could
hear them moving around. One of them found Ching's second bottle of whiskey and chortled.
"Look what the bitch left us. I guess we can drink it, seeing as how she's not going to."

One of the other men laughed. Suddenly, the lavatory door moved slightly. A voice yelled
from no more that three feet away. "Hey, Karl? What's with the bathroom door? It's all locked
up!"

I heard Voorman's faint voice from the other end of the shuttle. The door rattled again.

"I'm telling ya, it's locked!"

Everything went silent. A few moments passed, and then I heard the sound of something
metallic tapping against the other side of the door.

"Open the door. Or I'll blow it open."

I considered my options briefly, then unlocked the door and pushed it open. In front of me
was a large blond man with a buzz cut and a large firearm pointed at my face. I raised my
hands meekly. The man with the gun smiled. "C'mon out. Nice and slow."

As I stood up, the shuttle lurched. The blond man staggered and lowered the gun. Seeing an
opportunity, I stumbled forward and grabbed the rifle barrel. Again the shuttle pitched, and I
slammed against the wall across from the lavatory, losing my hold on the end of the gun. As
