Page 135

–– CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE ––

When I came to, my head felt like an axe was buried into it. I hadn't experienced such pain
since the last time I'd had wine, beer, and Metaxa all in the same evening. Even the headache
in Brownsville couldn't compare. I slowly opened my eyes just enough to look around at
Voorman's three cohorts. It appeared that they'd had their way with the bottle of Black Bush. I
closed my eyes and pretended to still be out.

For quite a while, I eavesdropped as the three drunken men talked about various women and
their body parts. It seemed that they were excited to get to the Moon Child. From what I could
understand, there was going to be some kind of large celebration the next day. A bad feeling
welled up in my gut.

One of the men announced that he could see the Moon Child. I shifted slightly and realized
my hands had fallen asleep. I moved a little more, and the painful tingling began in my
fingertips. After a minute, I'd regained enough feeling to start testing the tightness of the cord
on my wrists. It wasn't particularly tight. Trying to move as little as possible, I worked the
cord. Slowly, it began to loosen.

By the time we landed inside the Moon Child, I'd gotten the bonds loose enough that I was
sure I could get my hands free. As the shuttle powered down, I opened my eyes. Brody was
leering at me, obviously intoxicated. It looked like he was about to attack me when Voorman
stepped in from the cockpit. "All right. Let's go."

Brody looked up in protest. "What about this guy? He's mine, damn it."

Voorman was all business. "I know he is. You can have him. Kust get off my shuttle and go
check in. I've got a few things to do, then I'll give you a call. We can take him somewhere
private, and you can do whatever you want with him. All right?"

Brody pouted as he climbed unsteadily through the hatch. The two others followed, leaving
me alone with Voorman, who went back into the cockpit. The men had taken their weapons
with them. I looked around for something useful. The only object within reach was the empty
bottle of whiskey. I slipped one hand out from the loosened cord, grabbed the bottle, and hid
it behind my back.

A second later, Voorman reappeared. He walked straight toward me and grabbed my left arm.
"C'mon. You and I need to have a talk."

Voorman helped me up with both hands, leaving himself wide open. As I stood up, I was able
to wind up and bring the bottle down on the top of his head with full force. He fell to the
floor, as limp as a mortician’s handshake. I used the cord he had put on me to tie his hands
behind his back, being careful to fasten it more securely than he had. Finally, I tore off one of
his shirt sleeves and gagged him.

Before leaving, I looked around quickly for a weapon. I'd never been comfortable with
firearms, but I figured I could make an exception this one time. Unfortunately, there wasn't
one to be found. Apparently, Brody and his buddies had taken them off the freighter.
