Page 136

The hatch door was still open. I took a peek outside, then crawled out. When I reached the
floor, I straightened up and stretched, then had to bend over, hands on knees, as a wave of
pain crashed through my head. I reached back and felt a large, oblong bump on the side of my
skull. At least it wasn't visible. Nothing made someone stand out like a huge facial bruise.

As the pain receded, I stood back up and surveyed my surroundings. I seemed to be in some
sort of immense cargo bay, dimly lit with huge florescent lights. The ceiling was at least a
hundred feet high, and the interior was big enough to hold a small town. As far as the eye
could see, there all kinds of vehicles, from ordinary speeders to large industrial freighters. I
also saw various types or machinery, from tractors to bailers. It looked like what you'd take if
you were colonizing a new Earth-like planet. Of course, as far as I knew, that was exactly
what these people had in mind.

Some distance away, a lone tower rose up above the sea of metal. It appeared to be a
watchtower, and I could see several figures inside. I walked casually toward a nearby shuttle
and ducked behind it. I glanced around, looking for an exit, and found one several hundred
yards away, in the opposite direction of the watchtower. Keeping low, I moved from one
vehicle to the next, slowly covering ground. Luckily, there didn't seem to be anyone
wandering around the area.

Until someone discovered Voorman or he managed to get loose, no one on the Moon Child,
other than the three drunken thugs, had any reason to know I was there or to suspect that I was
an outsider. Considering the size of the satellite, the odds of me running into Brody or one of
the other men were pretty remote. At least I had one set of odds on my side.

I eventually reached the door on the far side of the cargo bay and opened it. On the other side
was a small foyer containing nothing but a set of elevator doors. Now what? I'd escaped from
the freighter and was safely on the Moon Child, but had absolutely no idea what to do next.
There was just one thing going for me, and that was temporary. Realistically, I had nothing to
lose. The elevator panel had only one button, and I pushed it.

After a long wait, the up light went off, and the elevator doors opened. No one was inside, so I
stepped in. The panel displayed buttons for levels LL through twenty-four. There was also a
button for level thirty-six, but none for levels twenty-five through thirty-five. I closed my eyes
and pressed a button, a method that had worked surprisingly well for me in the past -
especially at the racetrack. The elevator started to rise, and I saw, with some superstitious
apprehension, that the button for level thirteen was lit up. At level three, the elevator came to
a stop, and three drop-dead gorgeous women joined me, without acknowledging my
existence. One of them, a tall redhead, with cropped hair and large brown eyes, was talking as
she pressed the button for level nine.

"You have to try the lasagne. I don't know what they put in it, but it's unbelievable."

One of the other women broke in. "All I want is a salad."

"Oh, their salads are unbelievable. Trust me. You'll love it. And you have to try their bread.
They serve it with olive oil and fresh parmesan. It's absolutely unbelievable."

I suddenly knew where to go. My mouth was watering with thoughts of rich, cheesy Italian
food. When we reached level nine, I followed the young women out of the elevator and onto
