Page 137

what appeared to be a cobblestone street, straight out of an old-fashioned Western European
village. The air was thick with the aroma of culinary delights. I paused to breathe in deeply
before following my oblivious guides down the street.

On either side of the thoroughfare were tables laden with food and surrounded by happy
diners. The first eating establishment on my left was a brightly decorated pizza parlor. Facing
it was a Chinese place with an attractive and authentic-looking Buddhist-temple facade. As I
strolled down the street, I passed a bakery, a mesquite grill, and an ice cream parlor. All the
food
looked and smelled delicious.

Eventually, I reached the Italian restaurant. Four packed tables sat beneath a red-and-white-
striped awning. Several people nodded a smiled at me as I walked around the tables and
stepped through the front door. The interior looked like it had been lifted straight out of an old
Dean Martin movie. Large brick ovens were crammed with pizzas. Mustachioed waiters
bustled about in bow ties and garters. The air was thick with the smell of garlic and tomatoes.

I looked around and spotted a small, unoccupied corner table. Naturally, there was a red-and-
white-checked tablecloth with a round candle in the middle. I took a seat and picked up a
menu from behind the napkin dispenser. The menu was extensive, and everything on it looked
wonderful. There were no prices listed. Apparently, the Moon Child was all-inclusive. A
waiter appeared and asked what I wanted. I ordered the lasagne, with a garden salad and
double garlic bread. He took the order as if I'd said the secret word and scurried off.

I'd just about decided that this was the finest restaurant I'd ever been allowed to eat in, when I
noticed that there were no ashtrays. A brief inspection of the room confirmed that no one was
smoking. I wondered momentarily if the entire place was no-smoking and shuddered. At least
I was about to eat. Once I had something in my stomach, I'd go back to worrying about the
situation.

The waiter returned in record-setting time with a large salad. As he set it in front of me, I
caught him staring at my wrist. If he'd been looking at my watch, I probably wouldn't have
thought anything about it - my watch was certainly handsome enough to catch someone's eye.
But he was looking at my right wrist. He backed away, a concerned expression on his face,
then turned and walked quickly toward the kitchen. Mystified, I glanced at the people at the
adjoining table. I hadn't noticed before, but everyone was wearing a thin metal bracelet on
their wrist.

I jumped up and left the restaurant. Out on the street, I turned in the direction I'd come from
and strode briskly back toward the elevator. I reached it without incident. No one seemed to
be following me. I pressed both the up and down buttons and waited. A moment later, the
elevator arrived and opened. There were at least ten people inside. I squeezed in, and the
doors shut behind me.

The elevator climbed to level thirteen and stopped. Fate had chosen this level earlier, and I'd
ignored it. Now I was in more danger and even hungrier than I'd been before. I wasn't about to
chance it a second time. Luckily, most of the group was getting off here as well, so I went
along with the crowd. I figured I could blend in, as long as I kept my right hand in my trouser
pocket. We stepped out of the elevator into a foyer like the one I'd seen outside the cargo bay,
except that this one had two revolving doors. One was marked Environ 3, the other Environ 4.
