Page 138

Most of the people moved toward Environ 3. I walked through the revolving door and stepped
into paradise.

I found myself in maybe the last place I would've imagined. Several tiny paths were worn into
the grassy floor of a forest and meandered off into the shadows. Thick oaks towered overhead,
and a robin's-egg blue sky peeked out from behind leafy branches. The moist air was filled
with the whistling and chirping of birds. The unfamiliar smell of fresh earth, flowering plants,
and pure summer rain was intoxicating. To someone accustomed to the city odors of smoke,
hot asphalt, and urine, this place was surreal. I half expected to see a merry band of nymphs
come dancing out of the shadows and sprinkle pixie dust on my wing tips.

This was the kind of sylvan glade that hadn't existed since I was too young to remember.
Between the widespread devastation caused by the war and the radioactive fallout, most of the
world's forests had been decimated. Even in places that had survived relatively unscathed, the
depleted ozone was working its black magic on the ecosystem. But perhaps most shocking
about this bizarre place was the blue sky - something I don't ever remember seeing. Of course,
the sky here had to be artificial, but the effect was overwhelming.

The others who had entered with me went scampering down the paths and disappeared,
leaving me alone in awe. I was still ravenously hungry and rattled from the incident at the
Italian restaurant, but suddenly finding myself in a beautiful forest had an amazingly calming
effect. I wandered down one of the paths, taking in the natural beauty. I wondered what kind
of money was required to create something like this. Whoever had designed this place had
spared nothing. From the mossy floor to the woodland animals I occasionally spotted in the
underbrush, the forest appeared to be absolutely real. It was hard to believe I was actually on a
man-made satellite, orbiting 25,000 miles above Earth.

I continued down the path, passing elms and maples. A light breeze drifted through the trees,
stirring the leaves and diffusing a flowery fragrance. After several minutes, I began to hear the
trickling of water. Following the musical sound, I soon reached a meandering brook. A large
rock bordered the stream, and I sat down on it. Up until this moment, my hunger pangs and
splitting headache had overshadowed my exhaustion. When I sat down, I realized how tired I
was. I'd left the path and felt relatively safe, so I moved down onto the spongy ground and
leaned back against the rock. Closing my eyes, I tried to make sense of the situation I'd gotten
myself into.

What the hell was I going to do? I certainly wasn't equipped to stop the cult on my own,
lacking both knowledge and weapons. The only thread of hope was the possibility of finding
the CAPRICORN mole, if he had made it on board without being discovered, that is. But
there were literally thousands of people on the Moon Child, maybe tens of thousands.
Locating the mole would make winning the lottery seem easy.

Maybe I just had to admit I was beaten. I'd never found myself up against such overwhelming
odds - except, of course, when I'd tried out for the Giants during the strike of '27. Maybe I
should just cut my losses. This was a beautiful place, more beautiful than anything I'd ever
seen. Sure, the cult was planning on perpetrating a diabolical act against humanity, but what
could I do about it? Wasn't it Ben Franklin who'd said, "If you can't beat 'em, join 'em?" I took
a deep breath of pristine air and actually considered the option.
