Page 139

Who was I kidding? I'd never cut my losses in my life. Any successes I'd enjoyed had
happened despite myself. I'd lost more money, prestige, and social advancement than anyone I
knew, all because I wasn't the type to play along. Kissing up and compromising my
principles, as warped as they might be, just wasn't something I could do and still maintain any
sense of self-respect. I knew, at least vaguely, what the cult wanted to do, and I couldn't
possibly rationalize it. Maybe they'd let me join them and spend my life here in this orbiting
Garden of Eden, wanting for nothing. But I'd never be able to overcome the feeling that I'd
been an accessory, albeit unwilling, to the greatest mass murder in history.

I racked my brains for a long time, trying to come up with a clever plan to find the
CAPRICORN mole, but it was hopeless. At least I would try to go out in a blaze of glory. If I
could find out who was behind this whole thing and take him out, I might be able to make at
least a small dent in their plans. For the time being, I needed sleep. Trying to block out the
thoughts racing through my brain, I eventually nodded off.

 I woke up to a light rain shower. The sky overhead was still robin's-egg blue, but some kind
of sprinkler system was simulating a misty precipitation. My fedora and overcoat were damp,
but not soaked. The shower must've just started. I stood up and slowly worked a painful knot
out of my lower back. Checking my watch, I saw that I'd been asleep almost six hours. The
aching in my head had subsided, and now I was just hungry. I brushed dirt off the seat of my
pants and found my way back to the path.

I reached the revolving door and moved through it. The foyer was filled with people, all
waiting for the elevator. There was an excited buzz, and everyone seemed to be talking about
the Reverend Sheppard. From what I could surmise, everyone was heading to a massive
gathering.

I waited in the crowd for a half hour as the elevator carried load after load of jubilant
Crusaders away. Eventually, my turn came, and I climbed onto the elevator. We went up and
up, all the way to the top, level thirty-six.

When the doors parted, I saw a huge open area, almost completely filled with people.
Stepping out, I surveyed the room. It reminded me a little of old photos of the Hollywood
Bowl, before it had been destroyed in the war, except that this place was much larger. It was
circular, opening and vomiting out more groups of the faithful. The diameter of the room was
at least two hundred yards, and a massive, transparent dome spanned the rook two hundred
feet over our heads, revealing a panoramic view of eternity.

On the far side of the room, across the great expanse, I saw a large, empty stage. An
enormous and ornate podium stood at the front of the stage, and a long row of throne-like
chairs ran along the back. Mounted above the thrones was what appeared to be a gigantic
screen, at least three times the size of the largest movie screen I'd ever seen. Above the din,
the strains of "Ode To Joy" were echoing throughout the vast auditorium. How ironic. I
couldn't help but think that something from Wagner would've been more appropriate.

I couldn't begin to estimate how many people comprised the teeming throng. Endless streams
of Crusaders were pouring from the elevators, and the room was filling rapidly with a rolling
sea of heads. I'd never seen such an ethnically diverse assemblage - every shade of human
coloring was well-represented. With the almost tangible anticipation and excitement running
