Page 140

through the crowd, the scene was what I would envision if the United Nations hosted a Sadie
Hawkins dance.

I stood against the wall by the elevator, feeling increasingly claustrophobic and desperately
needing a cigarette. I decided against the indulging, certain that it would only draw unwanted
attention. The stream coming from the elevators had now dwindled to a trickle, and the hum
of the crowd was reaching a fevered pitch. Suddenly, the lights went down, leaving only the
stage lit.
The multitude hushed as a small procession appeared stage left in single file. With great pomp
and circumstance, the leaders of the cult took their places on the thrones. When all the seats
were filled, a single man strode across the stage to the podium. On cue, a spotlight went on,
and the man's face appeared on the screen above the stage. It was the Reverend Claude
Sheppard.

The masses burst into mighty applause. When I noticed several people staring at me and my
lack of enthusiasm, I was forced to join in. The Reverend Sheppard smiled, obviously soaking
up the adoration and revelling in the moment. Then, with a graceful gesture of mock humility,
he lowered his eyes and raised his hand for silence. The applause slowly dissipated.

The Reverend spread his arms wide and smiled down benevolently.

"Brothers...sisters...my children. At this moment, we stand on the threshold of a new era! A
great and glorious era! Today, we come into our inheritance!"

The crowd went crazy. After letting the mob vent its jubilation, the Reverend again raised his
hand. "Every man, woman, and child here today has been specially chosen to fulfil a vast and
wonderful destiny. You shall be the first generation of the Earth's golden age."

A loud cheer went up from the masses, but I also detected some incomprehension among the
faithful. The Reverend Sheppard continued.

"You have all reached the pinnacle of ascendancy in the Crusade for Genetic Purity. But
today you will learn that you are an integral part of something much more. You see, my
children, our beliefs and practices are ancient. The events happening now were prophesied
long ago, thousands of years before we were born."

The crowd was silent, seemingly trying to comprehend what it was hearing.

"Our order originated deep in the mists of unrecorded time. These forefathers foresaw a day
when the Earth would be reborn, and only the pure would survive. Throughout the
generations, worthy men and women continued the process of preparation, passing on the
knowledge and prophecies of the founders. All their work went into preparing for an event
that will begin only hours from now. At midnight will come the purification!"

The people cheered, but most of them didn't seem to know what they were celebrating.

"We have known for many years that the Earth would be reborn on this very date. As one
prophet described it, 'A great storm will appear from the Western sky and overwhelm the
impure.' This purification will cleanse the Earth of the inferior masses that threaten the
integrity of humanity."
