Page 141

Sheppard gestured all around. "This magnificent Moon Child is also a fulfilment of prophecy.
It was foretold that this would be the haven of the faithful, where those who were destined to
claim the purified world would be sheltered from the storm of purification and wait for the
process to be completed. For forty years, we will stay here and prepare for the day when we
can return to a purified Earth!"

For the first time since the speech began, I heard confused voices among the listeners.
Apparently, many of the Crusaders hadn't known they were signing on for a forty-year tour of
duty. As the Reverend Sheppard waited for the crowd to quiet down, I decided what I needed
to do. I began making my way toward the stage. Sheppard resumed his sermon.

"Very soon, the planet below us will be engulfed in an initiation of fire. There will be no
survivors. We will be the last and best remnant of humanity. Each of you carries an important
responsibility. You and your children will recolonize the Earth, and we will create a
civilization of enlightenment and purity, the likes of which has never existed. Our lives will
be rich and full and unencumbered by the rot and decay that now infests the planet. Lift up
your hearts and rejoice!"

The response was strong, but still uncertain. It was a reaction that I hoped might be exploited.
I was halfway to the stage when I glanced up at the screen and saw a change come over
Sheppard's face.

"There is another matter that must be addressed at this time. We are bound together here by
our common beliefs and goals. It is paramount that we maintain our unity of purpose. But I
say to you, there is a traitor among us!"

I froze in my tracks. They were onto me. I looked around furtively, but everyone around me
had their eyes riveted on the Reverend. I looked back up toward the stage and saw three
silhouetted figures approaching the podium. As they stepped into the light, I saw a familiar
figure, handcuffed with a security guard on either side. It was Karl Voorman.

Sheppard pointed a finger at him. "This man is an unbeliever! He would undo all that we have
sought to accomplish! He came to us under false pretenses, and we opened our arms and
hearts to him. Now we have learned that he intended to destroy us!"

I continued toward the stage as an angry murmur rippled through the assemblage. Had
Voorman been the CAPRICORN mole? If so, why had he allowed Ching and her men to be
murdered? Maybe he didn't know why Ching wanted passage to the moon...and she'd insisted
that there be no questions asked. The most reasonable explanation for his actions was that he
couldn't risk blowing his cover, not even to people who might possibly be on his side. Maybe
Ching hadn't explained why we wanted passage to the lunar penal colony. Or, possibly,
Voorman wasn't in a position to reveal himself. I thought back to when I'd been discovered on
Voorman's shuttle. He'd kept me from being killed. And he tied me loosely enough so I could
escape. Had he done that intentionally? A hollow feeling in my stomach told me I'd blown the
last chance to stop these madmen.

The Reverend Sheppard had now worked himself into a ranting, gesturing frenzy. "This man
is an impurity to the body! There is no place for dissension! If we are to succeed, we must be
absolutely united! One mind! One heart! One purpose!"
