Page 143

–– CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR ––

"Well, Mr. Murphy, I must say, you are full of surprises. I don't remember sending you an
invitation to our little party, but you seem to have found your way here regardless. I can only
admire your ingenuity and tenacity...both very fine attributes, by the way. And here you are!
With such exquisite timing! Not everyone will be able to say they witnessed the greatest event
in the history of the world!"

Percival, dapper in a full tuxedo and black tie, looked for all the world like Fred Astaire's
smaller, evil brother. He was in good form, much more animated than the other times I'd seen
him. He clasped his hands together and smiled widely. "You're surprised to see me. I
shouldn't wonder, the way my building blew to pieces." He gestured grandly. "A most
impressive explosion. Who could hope to survive such a cataclysm? Only the Phoenix! I have
risen from the ashes to live forever!"

He was clearly insane. But I wanted to find the method in the madness.

"Why'd you do it, Percival?"

The little man waved a hand at me. "A whim. A distraction. Something to keep my enemies
occupied long enough for me to escape. And, I suppose, a morbid interest in reading my own
obituaries. Some of them were quite stellar, I must say. It seems I lived quite a charmed life.
Not unlike you, Mr. Murphy. I've never in my life known anyone who had quite the knack
you do for surviving. I'd call you lucky, but you come through again and again.

"Finding the Habuh, for example. The statuette, I mean. I really must thank you for your
efforts in securing that for us. It was the one item that had eluded our grasp. The sacred text
said that our destiny would be secure only if we had the statuette in our possession."

Percival moved closer and lowered his voice. "Just between you and me, I believe that
prophecies should be taken with a grain of salt, but there's no harm in hedging one's bets."

He stepped back and made a pretence of bowing. "In any case, we are deeply in your debt."

"So you were the anonymous friend the countess referred to. The one who said I was good at
finding things."

Percival chuckled gleefully. "Ah, yes. The countess...what was it?...Renier. I did indeed
recommend you. The task you accomplished for me in the Martian colonies made quite a
positive and lasting impression. And, as it turns out, I made the right decision in asking for
your assistance."

I cut in. "But why me? I appreciate the compliments, but it doesn't seem too logical to count
on someone to find your statuette."

Percival turned away, chortling. "Don't overestimate yourself, Mr. Murphy. By no means
were we depending on your success. There's a quaint expression for it: I was stacking the
deck in my favor. There were literally hundreds of people searching for the Habuh. For some
reason that simple logic can't explain, you happened to find it first. One of our agents
