Page 144

followed you to and from Mexico City, and then relived you of it at the first opportune
moment."

He had been pacing, but stopped suddenly and raised a finger. "I digress. The important issue
is your presence here and how we're going to proceed. The way I see it, you have a choice to
make and, depending on your decision, you will either live or die. Let's address the first
option.

"In an hour or so, we will fulfil an ancient prophecy - specifically, the purification by means
of the Great Alluvion. It's a fabulous name for a somewhat unpleasant process. Those creative
minds at Genetic Research Systems labored for years to make our prophecy a reality. It was
quite a challenge to come up with a plan that would match the details of the Great Alluvion,
as it's described in our sacred text. It cost me a fortune, but now everything is prepared.

"The fact of the matter is, the Earth has become a rotting shell, inhabited by a mongrel breed
of half-humans that infest the pure races with their filthy, mutated genes." Percival stepped
toward me, his hands extended in a pleading gesture. "I ask you, Mr. Murphy, is that to be the
fate of mankind? I say it is not! The Earth must be thoroughly cleansed for mankind to be
saved! Otherwise, we would simply degenerate into a primitive state and squander the
attributes and knowledge it has taken us millennia to achieve.

"Minutes from now, we'll release the seeds of purification. The Great Alluvion, the baptism of
fire that will follow, will destroy all life on Earth, but from the destruction will arise a
glorious new age! Then, after the waiting, our genetically pure children will return to a world
that, like them, is clean and unspoiled. Though I may not live to see it, I will die peacefully,
knowing that I have given mankind a purified world!

"Look around you, Mr. Murphy. You are aboard an Ark of Humanity. This is now the last
bastion of mankind. There is nowhere else to go. But the Moon Child is more than a mere
haven. It is paradise. The biospheres have been constructed to represent Earth as it once was
and will be. Our skies are blue and clean, not red and saturated with deadly radiation. There
are forests and rivers and lakes, the likes of which haven't been seen since the war. There are
even deserts and fields and mountains, all filled with their native flora and fauna. I spent the
bulk of my fortune on this satellite, creating an orbiting Eden, from which the Earth will be
reborn.

"There is everything you could want here! In addition to the ecological wonders, there are
aquariums, aviaries, and zoos. We have vast libraries and a superior educational system.
Every conceivable form of entertainment is available, from nightclubs to concerts to sports.
Any pursuit for the betterment of oneself has been included.

"And the people! Only the crème de la crème. Artisans of every kind are represented and will
teach their crafts to the next generations. Doctors here provide an unrivalled level of care and
have been equipped with only the finest machines and instruments. Of course, the arts are
well represented. Musicians, artists, dancers, vocalists are all free to explore their creativity
and will train our children.

"Above all, the inhabitants of the Ark of Humanity are as genetically perfect as possible -
beautiful, intelligent, accomplished. Ten thousand men, women, and children, all bound
