Page 145

together by belief and purpose! A desire to create a world free of imperfections. A society of
harmony and peace, without fear, without crime."

Percival paused to take a breath, then walked to my side and place a delicate, manicured hand
on my shoulder. "You can share in our happiness, Mr. Murphy. The price is loyalty. If you
agree to join us, I'll release your restraints, and you can begin living your new life." Percival
backed away and left me to decide.

It certainly was a tempting offer. Maybe the best offer I'd ever gotten. Percival's world was
beautiful and clean. From an aesthetic standpoint, my own world paled in comparison.
Besides, it seemed that nothing was going to interrupt the cult's plans. Like Percival had said,
there would be nowhere else to go. There were certainly worse ways to spend the next forty
years.

But there was something wrong with it. Despite the cosmetics and technology, the Moon
Child and everything on it were artificial. Re-creations of reality. Sure, we all wanted the
Earth to be the way it was before the war, but we'd made our bed and now we had to sleep in
it. Percival's final solution wouldn't change that.

I thought of the unsuspecting billions going about their business on the planet below us -
people who had every right to live, regardless of their color or religion or genetic makeup. I
imagined the crowd at the Brew & Stew, forgetting for awhile how hard their lives were and
having a round of drinks with good friends. The image of Chelsee came to mind, sitting in a
corner booth, feet up on the seat, sipping tea and reading a book. She was a Mutant, and if
Percival had his way, he'd slaughtered her and everyone like her. That was unacceptable.
Chelsee and I had unfinished business. I knew I could never have anything to do with the cult.

"I've decided."

Percival turned expectantly to face me. "You'll join us?"

"I don't think so. You see, the way I've got it figured, you're a sick, deranged bastard with too
much money and a Napoleon complex. Your plan is the most barbaric, ruthless scheme I've
ever heard of, and everything about it shows you to be a coward of monumental proportions.
If I weren't strapped into this seat, I'd do everything in my power to grab you and choke the
last breath out of your rotten miserable body."

Percival stared at me in stunned disbelief. I wasn't sure if it'd been my response or just the fact
that he wasn't accustomed to people telling him what they really thought. Either way, his face
was getting a little ruddy around the edges. For a moment, I thought he was going to erupt. I
watched as he regained control. Hands behind his back, he walked up to me and bent down,
so that his face was inches from mine. "I admire your courage, but your decision saddens me.
Good-bye, Mr. Murphy. We won't be seeing each other again."

Percival straightened up and turned to the bald man, who'd been standing silently in the corner
throughout our conversation. "Kill him. When you're finished, meet me in the observatory."

The bald man nodded, a hint of a smile on his thin lips. Percival turned to the woman and
extended his hand. Come along, Eva. This may be unpleasant."
