Page 146

The woman didn't move. "If you don't mind, Lowell, I'd like to stay. After the things he said
to you, I think I'll enjoy watching him die."

Percival stared at the woman for several seconds. "Anything to make you happy."

He reached out and ran his hand over her cheek, then turned and left the room. When the door
closed behind him, Mr. Clean grinned openly. "You stupid son of a bitch. What were you
thinking? All you had to do was pretend to cooperate. When we let you loose, you could've
jumped him and at least gotten a couple of punches in before we grabbed you. Now what've
you got? You're going to die anyway, and Percival gets off without a bruise."

I recognized the voice. There was a slight accent to it. "Jacques Fou, alias the Chameleon. I
was wondering when I'd finally meet up with you."

Fou's grin got a little wider as he started to walk slowly toward me. "Oh, we've already met.
We just weren't properly introduced. Maybe I can refresh your memory. I'm sure you have
many talents, Mr. Murphy. The one I would hire you for is your knack for locating people and
things."

The countess's voice was coming out of Fou's mouth. It was hard to believe that he was the
same person I'd met at the beginning of the case. When he finished speaking, he broke into a
laugh. "Weird, huh? It always seems to have that effect on people." He pulled a device from
his belt. It appeared to be a gun of some sort, but a type I'd never seen before. Fou noticed me
looking at it and held it up.

"Ever see one of these before? Probably not. It's called a tasc gun - TSC - thermal sonic
cavitator. It's an amazing weapon. The technology's been around for at least seventy years.
Doctors use something like it to dissolve kidney stones without having to perform surgery. It
emits an adjustable-frequency sonic wave. At close range, it has an unusual effect on the
body. It essentially breaks down your tissue. A high-intensity setting will turn you into a
gelatinous pile of bones and fluid. From what I've heard, it's pretty painful."

"Is that what you used to murder the Colonel?"

Fou adjusted something on the weapon, then looked back at me, still smiling. "No. Nothing so
technically advanced. I slit his throat with a razor blade. Almost as messy as this tasc gun, but
sometimes you just want to get hands-on. If I had a blade with me, I'd probably use it. As it is,
I'll just have to make do."

Fou took one step closer and raised the tasc gun to my head. Instinctively, I closed my eyes
and tensed up. A shot went off, and my body jerked violently. A second later, I realized I was
still conscious and I opened my eyes. Fou lay on the floor at my feet. I looked up. The
woman, Eva, stood like a statue ten feet away, both hands gripping a pistol.
