Page 147

–– CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE ––

Eva stepped over the Chameleon's dead body and pressed several times on the side of my
chair. The retraints clicked open, freeing my hands, feet, and neck. I wasn't sure what to do,
but she had the gun, so I waited for further instructions. For all I knew, she wanted to kill me
too, but was going to show some sportsmanship.

She straightened up and stepped back. The Chameleon's tasc gun lay on the floor where he'd
dropped it. Eva picked it up and handed it to me. Firearms had always made me
uncomfortable, and I'd rarely carried one, but in this case, I figured I could make an
exception. Eva motioned for me to stand over the dead body, and then she walked to the door.
To my surprise, she let loose with a scream for help.

The door flashed open, and a burly security guard burst in, his eyes instantly fixing on me.
Standing over the Chameleon's corpse with a tasc gun in my hand, I suddenly realized the
implications of my situation. The security guard pulled a pistol from his holster, and I raised
the tasc gun. Eva, who was now directly behind the guard, stepped up and dropped him with a
blow to the neck. Almost before he hit the floor, she pounced on top of him, grabbed his head,
and wrenched it to the side, breaking his neck.

She jumped up, glanced quickly at her watch, and then gestured with her weapon toward the
dead guard. "We have to hurry. Take your clothes off and put those on."

I wasn't about to argue - a painful kink had mysteriously developed in the back of my neck. It
occerred to me why Eva hadn't shot the guard - she didn't want to mess up the uniform. I
walked around the Chameleon's body and began removing the security guard's clothes. Eva
tapped me on the shoulder with her pistol. "Take off your watch."

Under more promising circumstances, I would've almost certainly insisted on taking her
request the wrong way. As it was, I just kept my mouth shut, undid the watchband, and
handed it over. Eva took the watch hungrily. While she examined it, I finished with the
security guard and began to undress. Instinctively, I thought of how long it had been since I'd
worked out. Damn this boubon belly of mine. Luckily, yet somewhat disappointingly, Eva
wasn't paying any attention.

As I dressed, I glanced around the room. Mounted high on the wall was a surveillance camera.
I hadn't noticed it before. A flashing red light showed that it was activated. It made me
nervous. Eva must have seen me looking at it. "That thing's patched straight into Percival's
private security station. No one sees it but him, he hasn't had time to get there yet. We have at
least a few minutes."

With no choice but to be relieved, I finished dressing. The guard was a couple of inches
shorter than me, though about the same build. The shirt, red and black with a strange rune-like
symbol over the left breast, was a short-sleeve pullover, so it wasn't a problem. Neither were
the stretchy black pants. The boots, however, were about half a size too small. I could get
them on, but I wasn't going to run any marathons in them.

I looked sadly at the pile of clothes I'd taken off. I'd worn my best and only overcoat. The
other items were expendable, except the fedora. It was like breaking up with my first love.
After a moment of silence, I turned my attention back to Eva, who seemed to be intent on
