Page 148

destroying the watch. A moment later, she twisted the rim around the face, and it popped
open. A grim smile played across her lips. "Thank God."

I moved next to her and took a peek into the watch compartment. Inside was a small piece of
black plastic, about the size of a Chiclet. It resembled an old-fashioned RAM insert. Eva
glanced at me. "You know what this is?"

"I think I do."

Eva closed the watch face and nodded. "Good." She dropped the watch into one of her boots.
"We're running out of time, but at least now there's a chance. I hadn't planned on meeting my
contact under these circumstances. We're going to have to wing it from here on out."

Eva leaned over the Chameleon's body and searched through his pockets. She pulled out a
plastic card, then grabbed his legs and looked up at me. "Get his arms."

I did as she told me, and we carried the corpse across the room, away from the door. Reaching
the far wall, Eva pressed one section of it, causing a small panel to spring open. Inside were
several switches. She flipped one, and a bin-like contraption, with an opening about four feet
square, separated from the surface of the wall. Following Eva's lead, I carried my half of the
dead body to the bin. We dumped the corpse into the opening, and then did the same with the
dead security guard. Eva flipped another switch, closing the bin. Seconds later, I heard a faint
hydraulic rush. Eva shut the panel and turned toward me. "Just two more pieces of galactic
debris. With any luck, no one will notice they're missing until we're done."

I felt a strong urge to ask what exactly it was we were going to do, but decided against it. We
seemed to be hitting it off fairly well, and it didn't seem like a good time to rock the boat.

Eva walked to the door, and I followed her out. Now that she'd killed the security guard, the
corridor outside was blessedly empty. Apparently, Percival hadn't thought it necessary to post
more than one guard. It wasn't the first time he'd underestimated me. Eva glanced in both
directions, then went left. We walked briskly until we reached an elevator, seeing no one
along the way. A minute later, the doors opened, and we stepped into the vacant lift.

The menu of buttons in this elevator was different from the ones in the elevators I'd been in
previously; this time, we could access levels twenty-four through thirty-six. Eva pressed the
button for level twenty-eight, and we began to descend. We both stared up at the level display,
not saying a word. I had no idea what was on level twenty-eight, but I was suddenly eager to
get there. When the elevator started to slow down, and then stopped at level thirty-one, an
urge to bolt out the doors and run wildly came over me. Since there was nowhere to go,
however, I clenched my teeth and glanced at Eva. She appeared unruffled. Looking straight
ahead, she whispered fiercely. "Put your hands behind your back."

I had the uniform, but still no bracelet. If anyone noticed, I'd be a marked man. The door slid
open just as I put my hands behind me and leaned against the wall. A computer voice piped
up: "Level thirty-one. Section A. St. Andrews. Augusta National. Sawgrass. Pebble Beach.
Fenway Park. Camden Yards. Wrigley Field. Candlestick Park. For information on tee times
or holo-sim sporting events, go to the check-in area." Two young men stepped inside, and we
exchanged the customary greetings. Not wanting to invite conversation, I focused on the level
