Page 149

display. I probably didn't have anything to worry about. Out of the corner of my eye, I could
see the men ogling Eva.

Fortunately, their ogling was cut short. The elevator stopped at level twenty-nine, and the men
exited to the accompaniment of the computer voice: "Level twenty-nine. Section A.
Zoological Gardens and Yellowstone National Park. For information on camping and hiking,
go to the check-in area."

Seconds later, we reached level twenty-eight, section A. The computer informed me that this
was the "Aquatic Level," featuring representative microcosms of the Pacific, Atlantic,
Caribbean, and Mediterranean, as well as various bodies of fresh water. Eva and I stepped out
of the elevator into a neat, sterile foyer. Directly across from us was a doorway leading to a
check-in area. On the right were men's and women's restrooms. To the left was a door marked
Authorized Personnel Only.

Eva walked to the door and pulled out the card she'd taken from the Chameleon. Inserting the
card into a slot just under the door handle, she grasped the handle and turned it. She held the
door open and motioned for me to enter. Beyond was a stairwell, with plain walls and metal
handrails. Stairs led both up and down. Eva closed the door behind us and took the flight up.

At the top of the stairs, Eva opened the first door we reached. At this point, I had no choice
but to follow her, but she did seem to know where she was going. Of course, she could have
been utilizing the old confidence smoke screen. It was a ploy I'd used many times, making
people think you know what you're doing when you're actually baffled and completely at a
loss. My motto has always been "What they don't know won't hurt 'em." Now, however, I was
the one in the dark, and I didn't much like it.

Regardless, I followed Eva out the door and into a long, featureless hallway that looked like
an extension of the stairwell. We moved quickly, and every so often, we'd pass a door with a
number or letter code stenciled on it. Eva increased the pace until we reached a door marked
28-A-41. She opened it, and I found myself stepping back into paradise.

Again, my sense of smell overloaded with the fragrances of grass and trees. Only this time, I
smelled water - not the stinking, contaminated water of New San Fracisco Bay, which now
had more pop cans, syringes, and rotten corpses than fish - but the clear, pristine liquid mirror
of an alpine lake.

I wished I'd had more time to breathe it in. Eva darted down a small path into the trees. I was
close behind, and within minutes we reached the shore of a large lake. In the distance, I could
make out the tops of trees. Eva ducked off the path, and we slowly made our way through the
underbrush, moving parallel to the shore. Eventually, we reached a clearing and walked to the
edge of the water. Hidden in a thicket of bushes was a boat.

We climbed aboard, and Eva started the engine. She guided the boat out of the shallow water,
turned it, and we sped off across the lake. I'd never been in a speedboat before, and it was a
rush. Bouncing over the surface, with mist coating my face, I felt like we were finally making
our escape. With the blue sky above us, it was easy to forget where we were. I moved close to
Eva and spoke up over the noise of the engine and chopping water. "Where are we going?"

Eva kept her eyes ahead. "The computer center."
