Page 150

"This must be the scenic route."

Eva half-smiled and pulled a strand of hair from the corner of her mouth. "More like the back
door. Our only chance of getting in is to use the service access. When they find out we're
missing, they'll track me down by my bracelet. I hope that taking this route might buy us
some extra time. It's the long way around, but we should meet up with less resistance this
way."

"What do you mean by less resistance? I'm kind of partial to resistance."

Eva shook her head. "Percival isn't taking any chances. Security is pretty high everywhere.
Luckily for us, he thinks he got the last Winter Chip. I doubt he even suspected you had one."

"How many are there?"

"There were three. One was in the CAPRICORN building when it was bombed. Another one
was found on a CAPRICORN agent and destroyed. Colonel O'Brien had the last one. He was
supposed to get it to me before we moved up here."

I'd always been a slow learner, but things were falling into place. "You were the
CAPRICORN mole at GRS."

The woman looked at me appraisingly, as if I'd unexpectedly identified her very rare brand of
perfume, and nodded. I looked out across the lake, to where we were headed. "How does
Voorman fit into this?"

"He was an agent. When the Moon Child was in the last stages of construction, he infiltrated
the operation, running a supply freighter to and from the station. He was our most valuable
source of information on the cult's activities. He was also supposed to find and deliver the
Winter Chip to me when the Colonel didn't come through with it. When I'd found out he'd
been exposed, just before Sheppard's speech, I was afraid the chip had been found on him. It
was a good thing Percival never considered that you would have it."

"So what happens with the Winter Chip?"

Eva glanced at me, then back at the water. "Theoretically, it will introduce a rapidly mutating
computer virus into the Moon Child's matrix. The virus is designed to change faster than a
virus hunter can identify and delete it. Eventually, it should corrupt the data files to the point
where they no longer function. And since all the satellite's systems are linked into the
computer - "

"The Moon Child crashes."

Eva brushed a lock of hair out of her face. "Yeah. Theoretically."

"I don't care much for that word."

"What? Theoretically? It'll work. It just wasn't practical to test it on a computer system
comparable to the Moon Child's."
