Page 151

"I've heard the IRS has one."

Eva smiled. "Not a bad thought."

We were getting closer to the shore. I took a seat and left Eva alone as she guided the boat
into a small cove. When we reached the shore, I jumped out and pulled the boat in. Eva even
gave me her hand and let me help her out. We went into the trees and walked until we reached
an ivy-covered wall. I looked up and estimated the height at somewhere around a hundred
feet. This had to be the outer wall of level twenty-eight.

Eva moved along the ivy-covered surface, inspecting it closely. A short time later, she found
something in the wall that opened a door. By the amount of ivy, it seemed as though no one
had used the door for quite a while. We stepped inside and found ourselves in another
stairwell. Eva led the way, and we began to climb. After several dozen flights, my feet were in
agony. The too-tight boots were like orthopedic torture devices. I gritted my teeth and kept
my eyes focused on Eva's shapely posterior.

After what seemed like an hour, we reached a landing and a door marked 31-D-07. If my
addition was correct, we'd gone up three levels. I leaned over, hands on my knees, trying to
catch my breath. My forehead was drenched with sweat, and my deodorant was exhibiting
signs of vulnerability. Eva was a little flush, but other than that, looked like she'd just gotten
up from the easy chair and gone to the kitchen for a can of Tab.

I tried to pant quietly as Eva leaned her ear against the door and listened. Apparently satisfied,
she waited for my heart rate to drop out of the critical zone, then opened the door. Again, we
were in a long, generic passageway. We hadn't seen another soul since we'd been in the
elevator, and it was starting to seem a little eerie.

"Where is everyone?"

Eva talked over her shoulder as she walked. "We're in what you'd call the backside of the
station. The only people who make it out this far are the maintenance crews and security
personnel. They sweep this section once a day, and we're in between shifts. We shouldn't run
into anyone until we get close to the computer control area."

We continued down the passageway for some time. Eventually, we reached an intersection. A
sign showed the way toward the command tower, and we turned in that direction. Gradually, I
became aware of increased ambient noise and noticed that more doors were appearing on
either side of the hallway. We seemed to have entered a busier section of the Moon Child.

A door up ahead of us opened, and a woman wearing a lab coat stepped into the hallway. She
turned and began to walk in the same direction we were. Eva slowed her pace so we wouldn't
overtake her. Strolling now, I began to feel increasingly nervous. Voices were audible beyond
the doors, and we were clearly in danger. Beside me, Eva checked her watch uneasily. I
imagined that she was wondering how much time we had left before we were discovered and
the alarms went off.

Eventually, we caught up to the woman in the lab coat. She was waiting by a set of elevator
doors. Eva said nothing, but also stopped in front of the elevator. The woman smiled at us and
