Page 152

resumed waiting. The up button was lit, and Eva made no move to press the down button, so it
looked like we were going the same way.

The lift arrived, and the three of us got in. I glanced at the button panel and saw that this
elevator provided access to levels twenty-four through thirty-six. The woman pushed the
button for level thirty-five. Ten seconds later, the elevator came to a halt, and the doors
opened. The woman in the lab coat stepped out, and doors began to close. At that moment,
from a distance, I heard a male voice ask to hold the door. I hadn't planned on displaying any
courtesy, but the woman who'd just exited was happy to oblige. The doors reopened, and two
security guards hurried into the elevator.

The first was a slender young woman with blond hair and thin lips. The second was a giant of
a man, at least six-eight, with a clean shaven head and a permanent scowl. Eva and the female
guard seemed to be acquainted and began making small talk. I was leaning against one of the
walls, hands behind by back. The behemoth stood rigidly across from me, his eyes focused
squarely on me. I smiled at him and smiled politely, but there was no response. The doors
closed, and I turned my gaze toward the level display, but I could feel the man continuing to
stare at me.

Maybe he was wondering why I was wearing a guard's uniform, but didn't look familiar. I had
no idea how extensive the security staff was. A drop of nervous perspiration slid down the
side of my face. I glanced back at the big guard. He was clearly suspicious. Eva seemed
unaware of what was happening.

A series of loud beeps startled me. There seemed to be three sources of the beeps, one coming
from each of the security guards and one from a previously unnoticed device on the belt of my
uniform. The male guard took his eyes from me just long enough to reach down and press the
small device on his belt. "Attention all security personnel! This is priority one. Two intruders
at large. Their last known location was on level twenty-eight." The next few seconds played
out in slow motion. I saw the big guard's eyes widen as his hand went for the tasc gun in his
holster. Before he could raise it, a flash went off out of the corner of my eye, and he
crumpled. I turned to see Eva step back and pivot toward the female guard, who was backing
into a corner. A second later, the woman was on the floor next to her partner. I'd never
reached for my weapon.

The communicator continued, oblivious to the carnage: "First suspect is a female - five feet,
eight inches in height, one hundred twenty pounds, medium length blond hair. Second suspect
is male - "

Eva bent down and switched off the guards' communicators, then reached over and did the
same to mine. She turned and glared up at the level's display until we reached level thirty-five.
Then she raised her tasc gun and pointed it at the still closed elevator doors. "Things are going
to get a little more difficult now."

The doors opened - no one was there. Eva led the way out of the elevator, tasc gun in hand. I
followed her down the passage, fumbling for the weapon in my belt. We moved as quickly
and quietly as possible, periodically checking to  make sure no one was behind us.
