Page 153

At the end of the passage, we ran into a barrier: a door marked Top Level Security Clearance
Required - No Unauthorized Entry. Eva brought out the card she'd taken from the Chameleon.
"I hope this thing works."

She ran the card through the reader an the door. Nothing happened for several secinds, then I
heard a click. Eva pushed the door, and it swung open. Then she slid the card back into her
pocket and barely smiled. "If they didn't know where we were before, they do now."

She spun around and sprinted back down the hall. I was a few steps behind her and running on
pure adrenaline. Under normal circumstances, I would've been resting back at the lake and
smoking a cigarette. As it was, my toxin-laced blood was pumping through clogged arteries at
a rate not seen since my teens.

Ahead of me, Eva slowed down, then came to a stop outside one of the doors. She leaned
against the wall next to the door and motioned for me to do the same. My damaged lungs
ached, and I tried to control my breathing without bending over or passing out.

We waited as silently as possible for what seemed to be a long time, though it was probably
only a minute or two. Then, behind the door, I heard a voice, which suddenly started to
increase in volume. The door opened, and a middle-aged man stepped into the hallway, still
looking back over his shoulder and talking.

Instantly, Eva had the man's arm twisted behind his back and her tasc gun pointed at his head.
Keeping the man in front of her, she walked through the door, and I followed her inside. The
room was very white and brightly lit. It was quite large, but there were only seven people in it,
at least as far as I could see. Eva moved her hostage roughly into the center of the room and
raised her voice menacingly. "Everyone! Move together! Do anything stupid, and I'll kill all
of you!" The stunned group, five middle-aged men and two somewhat younger women,
slowly clustered together.

"Get down on the floor! Hands behind your heads!"

Everyone complied in varying degrees. Some lay face down, others went only to their knees.
Eva shoved her hostage toward the group and told him to join them. Then she turned to me
and spoke so everyone could hear. "Keep your gun on them. If anyone moves or makes a
sound, kill 'em."

I nodded and aimed my weapon at the center of the group. Eva tucked the tasc gun into her
belt and walked off. I kept my eyes glued on the hostages. Behind me, I could hear Eva
working on one of the computer consoles.

As I waited nervously, the men and women looked up at me with expressions ranging from
terror to loathing. A part of me felt sympathy for them. These were living, breathing people
like me, and I tried to keep from imagining myself in their place. Technically, I'd already been
an accessory in the deaths of three security guards, and killing had never been an easy thing
for me.

Then I thought back to the things I'd seen at the penal colony. Whether these people knew it
or not, they were abetting one of the most hideous schemes in the history of mankind. These
cult members believed themselves superior to the innocent billions living unsuspectingly on
