Page 154

the planet below. Somewhere on board the Moon Child were thousands of lethal satellites,
waiting to be unleashed so they essentially eradicate the Earth's entire population. As I looked
at the faces before me, I thought of Louie and the mutated gang of regulars at the Brew &
Stew. If the cult was allowed to fulfill its prophecies, my friends would die. I tightened the
grip on my tasc gun and steeled myself. It was for the greater good that the people on the
Moon Child die. Myself included.

Apparently, Eva knew exactly what to do with the Winter Chip and finished installing it
within minutes.

"All right. It's ready to go."

I kept my eyes on the hostages. "So...what happens now?"

Eva glanced at her watch. "We get the hell out of here. There's no telling how long it will take
the chip to crash the system, but I'm planning on it being sooner than later."

On cue, an alarm began to blare. I scanned the room quickly and saw lights flashing on most
of the consoles. Eva was looking around frantically. Seeming to make a decision, she moved
toward a corner of the room, where a tall filing cabinet stood. I backed away in the same
direction, still keeping my tasc gun trained on the now- terrified group. Glancing back and
forth between the hostages and Eva, I saw her pull out the drawers to form a set of stairs.
Standing on top of the cabinet, she could easily reach the ceiling, which I now noticed
consisted of acoustic fiberboard tiles, laid into a grid of metal supports.

Eva pushed on one of the tiles,moved it aside, and then pulled herself up and out of sight. I
backed up to the file cabinet and briefly wondered why we hadn't gone out the door. As I
started climbing up the drawers, one of the men got to his feet. I aimed and fired, knocking
him down. Reaching the top of the cabinet, I set the gun on the fiberboard and pulled myself
up, kicking the cabinet over in the process. At the same instant, I realized why Eva hadn't
taken the obvious escape route. I heard the door open, and several sets of boots scrambled into
the room. The hostages began to yell.

I picked up the tasc gun and spotted Eva some distance ahead, carefully moving along a
catwalk. The crawl space was about five feet tall and stretched out for hundreds of yards,
maybe miles, in every direction. I crouched and ran as fast as I could manage. The bedlam
below faded away.

I was about twenty feet behind Eva when a hail of bullets ricocheted past me. Over my
shoulder, I caught sight of several guards in hot pursuit. I couldn't look at them for long. The
catwalk was perilously narrow, and one false step would send me down through a ceiling tile,
into God only knew what. There could've been just about anything below us, from an ocean to
a desert. Eva and I were now moving at a recklessly dangerous pace. To make matters worse,
a wall loomed directly in front of us. Eva reached an intersection on the catwalk and turned
right.

We continued at break-neck speed, zigzagging left and right along the narrow walkway. We
were quickly approaching another wall. Behind us, the gunshots echoed sporadically. When I
turned to check our pursuers, it was clear they were gaining on us. As I looked back to Eva, I
saw her reach the wall, then drop out of sight, followed an instant later by a loud clang. I
