Page 155

reached the spot where she had vanished and saw that she'd jumped down onto a metal-grate
landing. I lowered myself just as a slug put a dimple into the wall right above my head.

Now on the landing, I saw that we'd arrived at an access point to the elevator shaft. Eva was
leaning into the opening, craning her neck up, then down. She looked back at me. "I can't tell
if the elevator is above us or below. We'll have to risk it and hope it doesn't catch us in a bad
spot."

She backed into the opening and began to climb down. I waited a moment, then followed. The
ladder rungs were built into the wall. As I climbed carefully down, I looked around and saw
that there were no old-fashioned elevator cables in the shaft. Instead, each of the four corners
had tracks constructed into them. The elevator was probably run electrically. And with the
ladder imbedded in the wall, I was willing to bet that there would be no appreciable space
between the walls of the shaft and the exterior of the elevator. If we weren't close to an access
window when the elevator passed us, we'd have no choice but to go with it. Suddenly
paranoid, I began looking up, then down, like a spectator at a tennis match.

We continued our descent for several minutes, passing access windows about every thirty
rungs. Above us, the voices of our pursuers were now audible. Once they reached the access
window, we'd be dead. It would be like shooting fish in a barrel. And I'd be the first to go.

Then I heard the elevator. It was above us. Eva seemed to have heard it, too, and glanced up
sharply. "Hurry!"

We moved even faster than before. A gunshot went off, and a bullet went pinging down the
shaft. A security guard was leaning through the access window, cradling a rifle. I tried to pull
my head in between my shoulder blades like a turtle, but it wouldn't retract. Below me, Eva
had reached an access window and was crawling in. Another shot rang out. One of my feet
reached the access window. A bullet ricocheted off a ladder rung just above my hand. A
scream suddenly erupted and echoed down the shaft. As Eva helped pull me through the
opening, a spray like red rain passed by, followed closely by the top half of a bloody corpse
and a rifle. A split second later, the elevator flashed past.

I probably wouldn't have reacted on my own. I felt Eva's hands on my back, and then I was
falling helplessly through the air. A moment later, I hit the top of the elevator, and then Eva
landed on me painfully. I laid there, more stunned than hurt, as Eva rolled over and onto her
knees. Above me, gunshots rang out, but the distance between us and the guards was
increasing rapidly.

We continued to descend for probably twenty seconds, and the elevator slowed and stopped
alongside another access window. Eva motioned for me to follow her into the opening.
"C'mon."

"Where we going?"

She flashed her grim smile. "All the way to the bottom. Voorman's freighter should still be in
the cargo bay. And if the life-support systems don't shut down in the next few minutes, we
might still make it out of here."

"So why are we climbing out of here?"
