Page 156

Eva looked at me indulgently. "Because going up at this point would be a bad thing."

Following Eva's lead, I crawled into the opening. We waited breathlessly until the elevator
moved. It was going down. As we jumped back on, the elevator shuddered slightly, and the
lights dimmed, then brightened. I wondered how much longer we had before the Winter
Chip's work was done. Every breath felt precious. Eva leaned toward me. "We're almost there.
Get ready."

I wasn't certain what getting ready entailed, so I tightened up and gritted my teeth. The
elevator came to an abrupt halt, knocking us off-balance. Eva rolled over toward the ladder.
An access window was about four feet above us. "Hurry!"

Eva scrambled up the ladder and into the window. I was just a beat behind her. As I dragged
myself out of the shaft, I heard the elevator lurch. I'd just pulled my legs in behind me when
the opening was sealed off momentarily by the passing elevator. We waited for a few seconds
and listened to the elevator ascend. Eva nudged me, and I lowered myself into the shaft and
onto the ladder.

I went down the ladder as fast as I could, figuring that Eva would let me know when I should
stop. As it turned out, the elevator had taken us most of the way, and we only had to climb
down about another hundred feet before we reached the bottom. I was just about to jump off
the ladder and onto the floor of the shaft when Eva shouted to me. "Stay on the ladder! The
floor's hot! Go into the lowest opening."

I did as she told me, and seconds later I was back in a crawl space like the one we'd been in
up above. As I waited for Eva, an alarm started to blare. When she caught up to me, she gave
me an amazingly calm look, and then darted down the catwalk.

Eva seemed to know exactly where to go. I followed her along the narrow walkway for
several minutes until she came to a sudden halt. Getting down on her knees, she pried up one
of the ceiling tiles and peeked beneath it. Apparently satisfied, she lifted the tile and set it to
one side, then nimbly swung down into the hole and dropped. Not wanting to seem
apprehensive, I followed her lead without my usual preliminary inspection.

Fortunately, the drop was only about ten feet, and I suddenly found myself in the midst of a
women's lavatory. I'd heard rumors about "the other rest room," talk of luxurious daybeds and
sparkling clean facilities, not to mention the strange compliment of dispensers. Even now,
seeing it with my own eyes, I'd never dreamed it'd be so much nicer than ours. Of course, Eva
had no reason to be awestruck. She moved quickly to the door and opened it. As she did, the
lights flickered, then went out.

We left the restroom and stepped into a dark hallway. Some kind of emergency lighting had
come on, giving the passage an eerie, greenish glow. Eva turned, and we bolted down the
hallway. When we reached a door on the left side, she opened it. Then she led the way down
an almost pitch-black stairwell. The still-blaring alarm echoed over the concrete. My lungs
burned, and I realized that the air was growing warmer and thinner. It felt as though the
circulation function of the life-support system had quit working.
