Page 157

I was planting like a dog by the time we exited the stairwell. Following Eva, I stepped through
a door and entered the cavernous cargo bay. The air here felt like a cool ocean breeze. The
cargo bay was as dark as the stairwell had been, but there were searchlights constantly
scanning the area. I traced the searchlights to a dimly lit tower that rose about forty feet above
the floor. With the darkness, the alarm, and the wildly circling spotlights, the scene resembled
the pre-tip-off extravaganza at a Bull's game. I could clearly hear several voices as they
echoed around the chamber. It didn't sound like there was a lot of security in the cargo bay,
but there was certainly enough to make me uncomfortable.

Eva pulled me close and whispered fiercely in my ear. "Where is Voorman's ship?"

I squinted my eyes and tried to get my bearings. I'd only been here once, and I hadn't been in a
particularly observant frame of mind. After a minute of scanning and trying to catch sight of
things when the searchlights hit them, I decided that our freighter was parked at least a
hundred yards away, somewhere between ten and eleven o'clock from our relative position.
The guard tower was about a hundred and fifty yards away and at the two o'clock position.

I pointed out the freighter to Eva. She waited for the searchlight to illuminate the ship, and
nodded. Then she again put her mouth to my ear. "Can you fly it?"

I wasn't sure, but I figured I could wing it. "You bet."

Eva nodded. "I want you to get inside it and fire it up. Do you see that door?"

She pointed across the cargo bay to one of the exit doors for aircraft, and I nodded.

"I'm going to try to get that open. When you start up the freighter, that should get everyone's
attention and hopefully give me a chance to get into the control booth. The door is hydraulic
and isn't connected to the network, so I should be able to access it, even if the computer
system's down. Once it starts to open, they won't be able to close it for at least thirty seconds.
Hopefully, that'll give you enough time to squeeze through."

"What about you? I'm not just gonna leave you here."

Eva smiled indulgently. "The important thing is that one of us gets out of here. Percival and
some of the others undoubtedly have their own private escape pods and are probably already
clear of the Moon Child. Someone has to notify the authorities and have the cult leaders
picked up. And you know where to find the evidence that will put them away."

I must've looked confused. Eva's smile changed from indulgent to sympathetic. "I'll try to
make it back to the freighter, but you can only give me twenty seconds after the door opens.
No more." Her smiled disappeared. "After that, our window of opportunity will disappear.
Literally. Once the cargo-bay door is open, fly the ship through it and into the vacuum tunnel.
There's another door at the end of the tunnel that will open as soon as the door behind you
seals."

Eva waited for me to acknowledge that I understood, then headed off toward the searchlights.
I watched her for a moment, wondering if I'd ever see her again, and then began to make my
way across the bay. The room was not unlike a speeder lot, with hundreds of vehicles and
