Page 158

other pieces of machinery neatly arranged. Keeping my head low, I moved from one hiding
place to another, careful to freeze whenever the searchlights seemed to be close.

   It took about five minutes to reach the freighter. I waited for the searchlights to flash across
the ship before opening the hatch on the underbelly. Scrambling inside, I climbed into the
cockpit. Then I strapped myself into the driver's seat and surveyed the instrumentation. It
didn't look too difficult to manage.

The windows in the cockpit wrapped around, and I could see both the escape door and the
guard tower. Taking a deep breath, I turned on the pilot console and fired up the engines.
Moments later, like a scene from an alien abduction movie, the cockpit was suddenly bathed
in bright white light. The security personnel seemed to have noticed me and had focused the
searchlights on the freighter. I glanced at the bay door, but it wasn't opening. Looking toward
the tower, I saw several dark shapes running straight for me.

I checked to make sure I was ready to lift off, then looked back toward the hydraulic door. It
wasn't moving. For the first time, it occured to me that Eva might not get to the control booth.
Maybe she'd been discovered and killed. What if the door never opened? I'd locked the hatch
behind me, but the security guards would be able to blast their way in eventually. And even if
they didn't, the Moon Child's life-support system would fail sooner or later, and being in the
freighter would only prolong my fate.

Several light bursts flashed in the corner of my eye. Shots were being fired in the guard tower.
I strained to see, but could make out nothing. Then everything went dark. Someone had shut
down the searchlights. A starry pattern floated in the darkness as my eyes slowly adjusted.

Beyond the stars, a vertical stripe of faint light appeared, then slowly widened. I squinted my
eyes, trying to make out what was happening. After several seconds, I realized the cargo-bay
door was opening.

Under the hull of the freighter, someone started banging on the hatch door, sending a metallic
clanging through the ship. My eyes were now accustomed to the darkness, and I scanned the
area between the freighter and the guard tower for signs of Eva. Then I began to count
silently. Thousand-one, thousand two, thousand three...the cargo-bay was opening from right
to left. When it was fully open, the doorway would be about thirty feet high and fifty feet
wide. Thousand ten, thousand eleven, thousand twelve...the freighter was probably twelve feet
high and twenty feet across. Thousand twenty, thousand twenty-one, thousand twenty-
two...cursing under my breath, I shoved the freighter into gear and lifted off.

As I raised Voorman's shuttle-cruiser off the floor, the cargo-bay door was fully open and
holding. I accelerated and steered toward the opening. Pinging sounds told me that the guards
were firing their guns at the ship, but that wouldn't do any good. The only thing that could
stop me was the door, which gradually started to close.

The freighter was slow to accelerate...and I was about three hundred yards from the door. If I
didn't get there in time, something told me I'd hit the door and crumple like a pop can. The
ship was gaining speed, but not quickly enough - it was going to be tight. I angled toward the
right side of the opening, my knuckles white on the steering handle.
