Page 159

Fifty yards away, I realized I wasn't going to make it. At least not horizontally. I raised the
elevation, then grabbed the balance-control stick and wrenched it hard to the left.
Immediately, the ship rolled. I heard and felt metal scraping along the floor. I tried to adjust
the elevation, but the ship only veered slightly to the left, away from the opening. I was
seconds away from hitting the door. Using both hands, I threw the balance-control stick hard
in the opposite direction. The ship rolled wildly to the right and veered in the same direction.
The cockpit slammed into the opening. The force of the entry carried the freighter through the
door, but the loud sounds of metal being snapped off and crushed told me that the ship had
sustained considerable damage.

I looked out the window and saw that both sides of the freighter had been raked. Even worse,
the rudder mechanism had been ripped off the back. The cockpit was untouched, but the
freighter wasn't in good shape. It was probably still capable of propulsion, but I wouldn't be
able to steer it.

As I was assessing the situation, I felt a giant shudder as the door behind me closed and
sealed. Up ahead, the outer door cracked and began to slide open. I pushed the accelerator and
felt the engine rev up, but the freighter didn't move. I tried again, but it was no use - the ship
might as well have been in neutral.

Helplessly, I watched as the gap in the outer door widened, the blackness of space seeping in
like an oil spill. I was trapped, a scant few yards from freedom. Desperately, I began
manipulating the controls. I tried everything, but could do no more than rock the freighter and
raise the back end slightly. The outer door was now completely open. As my eyes searched
the instrumentation frantically, I spotted a small panel marked Emergency. I tore it open and
found a T-shaped handle. A sticked beneath it read Eject Capsule.

My speeder didn't have an eject button, and I'd never used one before, but now seemed like a
good time for a new experience. It wasn't like I had anything to lose. I was about to pull the
lever when it occurred to me that I might just be making a big mistake. I had to assume that
the cockpit capsule would eject straight-off, which would send me into the ceiling of the
vacuum tunnel.

But I had to do something. I glanced up and saw that the outer door had begun to close.

One of the things still working on the freighter were the rear elevation thrusters. I cranked
them up as far as they would go, until the cockpit was almost face down on the tunnel floor.
In front of me, the opening was half the size it had been a moment ago. I pushed the thrusters
as far as they would go, then grabbed the T-shaped ejection handle and pulled.

What followed was a sensation I hadn't felt since the final time I rode the Hammer at the state
fair. In a blur, the cockpit jettisoned from the freighter and slammed into the roof chamber,
just in front of the closing door. The force of the impact caused the capsule to careen toward
and through the opening. The g-force had me pinned painfully against my seat, and the
spinning motion blanketed me in a wave of nausea.

It took several minutes for me to regain control of my equilibrium. The capsule continued to
spin out into the darkness. I checked the air pressure, and it was holding steady. Apparently,
the capsule had survived the collision inside the tunnel. I searched for a set of capsule
navigation controls, but there didn't seem to be any. There were only two useful mechanisms
