Page 161

–– CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX ––

I was picked up by a passing mining transport twenty-two hours after being thrown clear of
the Moon Child. I used the radio onboard to contact Interpol. Within hours, dozens of
interplanetary vehicles were closing in on the galaxy's largest piece of man-made debris.

I slept most of the way home. When the mining transport arrived in New Jersey, my two
Interpol pals, Agents McCovey and Andrews, were there to meet me. I was debriefed in a
Greek deli over gyros and dolmas, and the agents informed me that Percival and several
others had been located and taken into custody. I asked if they knew what happened to Eva,
but they didn't. I found out later that she didn't make it.

As a final order of business, the Interpol agents told me that a reward had been offered for the
capture of the Chameleon. I hadn't exactly captured him, but it was close enough. They took
me to Interpol headquarters in Manhattan and gave me a check for ten thousand dollars, as
well as a hearty congratulations for my efforts toward making the world a safer place to live.

With my wallet now as full as my tummy, Interpol stuck me on one of its private aircraft and
gave me a lift home. Agent McCovey went along for the ride. On the way, we discussed what
had happened. Having shown myself to be a man of no mean talent, I fullt expected him to
offer me a job in the agency, but for some reason, the subject never came up. Not that I
would've accepted. Regular paychecks and medical benefits just weren't my style.

As we arrived in New San Francisco, Agent McCovey made one last request - that I keep the
events of the past few days to myself. He explained that it would be in the public's best
interest not to know how close it had come to complete and utter destruction. I agreed to keep
a lid on it, not because I endorsed the suppression of truth of the manipulation of the masses,
but because no one would've believed me anyway.

An hour after we landed, I was planted on a bar stool at the Brew & Stew, looking and
listening and soaking up the atmosphere. I was showered and clean-shaven and wearing my
good tie. It was a little after 7 P.M., and the crowd was converting from diners to drunkards.
Louie was bouncing all over the joint, red-faced and grinning from ear to ear. All the regulars
were there, sipping cold beer from chilled mugs, or toasting each other with tumblers full of
strong spirits. Rook was in a heated debate at the other end of the bar. For once, his high-
pitched, abrasive voice sounded good and familiar to me.

Chelsee was seated on the lucky bar stool beside me, nursing a vodka and tonic and smelling
good enough to eat. I had five hundred dollars in my pocket, and the rest was stashed away in
my secret hiding place back at the office. The thought of paying off my tab to Louie made me
feel almost as good as being close enough to hear Chelsee's soft breathing. I took a sip of
twelve-year-old scotch and held it on my tongue for a few moments before letting it flow
warmly down my throat. Behind me, a slurring voice requested a "slippery nipple." Chelsee
set her drink down and turned to me with one eyebrow raised. "What in the world is a slippery
nipple?"

An uncontrollable shiver went through me, but I managed to shrug casually. "I don't know.
But it probably has egg in it."
