Page 162

Chelsee smiled and gave me a chastizing look, then returned to her drink. I lit a cigarette and
carefully blew the smoke away from my lovely bar mate. "You know, Chelsee, I think we
should meet later. Maybe up in my office. I'll show you something I learned to do with my
hands."

Chelsee looked at me out of the corner of her eye and stirred the vodka and tonic with her
finger. "You know, Tex, I've always been enchanted by a lack of breeding."

"I know. That's exactly what I'm counting on."

"Oh really?"

I flicked an ash off the end of my cigarette and grinned disarmingly. "Yeah. I've got a theory.
I think you're secretly attracted to me. You only hold back because the intensity of your
passion frightens you. I don't blame you for that."

Chelsee took a drink, then turned to face me. "That's quite a theory. You have a wonderful
imagination." She smiled sweetly. "Don't get me wrong, Tex. I like you, just not that way."

I took a resigned drag. "Well, no need to give up on a good theory just because it isn't true."

I lifted my glass and glanced at the television behind the bar as I took a sip. A shot of the
Moon Child was on-screen. Louie appeared and emptied my ashtray.

"Louie, could you turn up the volume?"

The big Mutant reached under the counter for a remote and aimed it at the television.

" - when disaster struck yesterday. No official comment has been released, but it is believed
that as many as five thousand people were aboard. Indications are that the satellite resort
experienced a massive systems failure. Initial reports state that there were no survivors. If so,
this would qualify as the greatest off-planet disaster in history. In other news - "

Chelsee shook her head. "That's horrible. All those people."

I set down my drink and drew in on my Lucky Strike. The cafe was alive with the clinking of
glasses, snippets of conversations, laughter. It was a beautiful sound. I drained the last of my
scotch and set the glass on the counter. Louie asked if I wanted another. I shook my head and
smiled, then laid three large bills on the bar. I could tell Louie was about to protest, and I cut
him off. :Thanks for the drink. I'll see you tomorrow."

I leaned down and kissed Chelsee on the cheek. She didn't seem to mind. Then I slung my
brand-new trench coat over my shoulder, set the matching fedora on my head, and walked to
the door. I'd gotten half way across the room when I noticed a stunning brunette in a black
dress sitting alone in the booth next to the door. She was a dame. The kind of dame that could
make a bishop kick out a stained-glass window. As I approached, she looked up and smiled.
"Are you Tex Murphy?"

Feeling pleasantly confused, I doffed my hat. "Have we met?"
