Path: 1 -> 2 -> 3 -> 4 -> 5 -> 6 -> 7 -> 8 -> 9 -> 10 -> 11 -> 12 -> 13 -> 14 -> 15 -> 16 -> 17 -> 18 -> 19 -> 20 -> 21 -> 22 -> 23 -> 24 -> 25 -> 26 -> 27 -> 28 -> 29 -> 30 -> 31 -> 32 -> 33 -> 34 -> 35 -> 36 -> 37 -> 38 -> 39 -> 40 -> 41 -> 42 -> 43 -> 44 -> 45 -> 46 -> 47 -> 48 -> 49 -> 50 -> 51 -> 52 -> 53 -> 54 -> 55 -> 56 -> 57 -> 58 -> 59 -> 60 -> 61 -> 62 -> 63

=== Step 1: Page 1 ===
Page 1

To Juana  and Kelly
who inspired us to play  with power
This book is a work of fiction. Names,  characters, places  and
incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or
are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual  events or locales
or persons, living or dead, is entirely  coincidental.
AN ARCHWAY PAPERBACK ORlGINAL
An Archway Paperback published  by
POCKET BOOKS, a division of Simon & Schuster
1230 Avenue of the Americas, New York NY 10020
Copyright (c) 1991 by Nintendo. All Rights Reserved.
Cover artwork copyright (c) 1991 Nintendo.
Nintendo, Super Mario Bros. and Mario, Luigi, Princess Toadstool,
Mushroom King, Cobrat  and Toad are trademarks of Nintendo.
All rights reserved,  including  the right to reproduce
this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.
For information address  Pocket Books, 1230 Avenue
of the Americas, New York, NY 10020
ISBN: O-871-74113-8
First Archway Paperback Printing June 1991
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
AN ARCHWAY PAPERBACK and colophon are registered
trademark of Simon
& Schuster Inc.
Printed in U.S.A.
IL 5+
Creative Media Applications,  Inc.
Series  developed by Dan Oehlsen,  Lary Rosenblatt  & Barbara Stewart
Art direction by Fabia Wargin  Design
Cover painting by Greg Wray
Puzzle art by Josie  Koehne
Edited by Eloise Flood
Special  thanks to Ruth Ashby,  Lisa CIancy,  Paolo Pepe
Dear  Game  Player:
You are about to guide me through a great adven-
ture. As you read this book, you will help me decide
where  to go and what to do.
Whether  I succeed or
fail  is up to you.
At the end of every chapter, you will make choices
that  determine what happens next. Special
puzzles
will help you decide  what  I should do-   if  you can
solve them. The chapters in this book are  in a
special order.
Sometimes you must go backward in
order to go forward, if you know what I mean.
Along the way, you'll  find many different items to
help me with my quest. When you read that I have
found something, such as an anchor, you’ll see a box
like the o n e  below:
Use page  121 to keep track of the things you collect
and to keep score.
Good luck!
Driplessly  yours,
Luigi
Nintendo Adventure #2: Leaping Lizards
Scanned by Zarkob Martianbeast and compiled by Underdogs
Home of the Underdogs, http://www.the-underdogs.org/
Click on "Page X" to go directly to that page :)

=== Step 2: Page 2 ===
Page 2

" Look out below!” Luigi yells. He dives head-
first into the Central Pipe that sticks up from
the floor of the Mario Bros. plumbing work-
shop. Tumbling through steamy darkness, he
passes dripping faucets, hissing valves and the
glowing red eyes of wayward alligators. In
minutes, he plunges from the Brooklyn plumb-
ing shop to the Mushroom Kingdom, deep
below the surface of the Earth.
Thump!  Luigi drops out of the lower end of
the great metal pipe and lands in a mound of
spongy pink mushrooms.
"Two minutes fifty-eight seconds,” he says,
inspecting the dial on his plumber’s stopwatch.
“Not a bad time at all.”
Unlike most of his journeys to the
Mushroom Kingdom, this time there’s no
hurry. Usually Luigi and and his older brother,
Mario, race down to the mysterious world to
rescue Princess Toadstool, or to save the

=== Step 3: Page 3 ===
Page 3

palace, or to perform some other heroic task.
But todays visit is strictly for fun.
“Spread the blankets and start roasting
those weenies,” the tall, skinny  plumber sings.
“It’s almost  time for lunch.”
Luigi slicks back his black mustache, straight-
ens the straps of his bright green overalls, and
hops onto the brick sidewalk that zig-zags
through the Mushroom Kingdom. He bounces
along the road, past small stone pyramids and
wooden staircases  that lead nowhere. Above his
head,  brick ledges and metal cubes hang in the
air, suspended by some mysterious force.
“Ah,” Luigi chirps. “It’s a beautiful day for a
picnic.” He removes his green cap and lets the
sun warm the top of his head.
Just then, two Goomba fungus monsters
dart out from a clump of shrubs and charge
toward Luigi’s feet.
“Pests!” says Luigi. He jumps lightly, land-
ing on the small brown creatures’ flat heads.
They scurry back to the bushes.
The plumber pauses by a heap of old, rusty
pipes. “I stashed some equipment in these
pipes last time I was here,” he says. “You never
know when you might need supplies. Now
2
where did I leave those wings the princess gave
me? Was it down that pipe to the left? Or was
it just ahead, on the right?”
Solve this puzzle to find out which piece of
emergency  equipment  Luigi finds In the
Mushroom
Kingdom:
l Follow the trail through the pipes. Along the
way, you’ll pass several junctions. Choose any
branch you want and record the number of
wrenches on that branch. Follow the pipes until
you reach the exit. Then add up the total num-
ber of wrenches you collected on your trip and
read the instructions at the bottom of the page.
They’ll tell you which item Luigi picks up.

=== Step 4: Page 4 ===
Page 4

Lui‘gi spots his friends at the top of a hill.
“Hi
guys!” he calls, and bounces off the sidewalk.
"Did I miss any of the eats?"
As he marches up the hill, he notices several
shiny coins scattered in the blue-green moss.
"Hey," he says, “this must be my lucky day.”
He pockets the coins and continues up the hill.
Mario, Luigi’s older and slightly more
famous brother, is sitting on a plaid picnic
blanket with Her Royal Highness, Princess
Toadstool. Most of the food is gone. Luigi gazes
longingly at the remains of an extra-large pizza
with everything. All that’s left is some crusts
and a pile of anchovies that the princess picked
off her slices.
“Little brother,” Mario says, “if you didn’t
sleep till noon every day, you wouldn’t have this
problem.” He smacks bis lips and swallows the
final bite of his  toasted cheese sandwich.
“Good afternoon, Luigi,” says the princess.

=== Step 5: Page 5 ===
Page 5

She sips delicately from a cone-shaped teacup.
“Mario was just telling me about the time he
saved the entire city of Topeka,  Kansas from a
flood.”
Luigi is about to explain that it was he, not
his older brother, -who unclogged the giant
overflowing bathtub at the last moment,
siphoning away the terrible wall of water.
Suddenly, a loud, high-pitched squeal fills the
air. A two-foot-tall mushroom wearing a red
polka dot turban runs up the hill.
“It’s Toad,” Mario says, jumping up from the
blanket. “And I don’t think he’s here for the
picnic!,,
6
In the distance, Luigi sees Morton, paddling
away
desperately
“You caused all this trouble, Morton,” Luigi
shouts. “Now you’re going to fix it.”
He swims furiously after Morton. As the
I
turtle tries to crawl onto an island, Luigi
launches himself  out of the water and tackles
Morton. He grabs the turtle by his shell and
flips him over onto his back.
"Rrrr!"  Morton growls, flailing his tiny
arms furiously. But no matter how he strug-
gles, he’s unable to right himself
“Start talking, turtle,” says Luigi. “Or I'll
leave you for the Cheep Cheeps.”
Morton roars and flails his scaly arms and
legs until he’s completely exhausted. “All right,
plumber,”  he grumbles at last. “It’s like this. . . .”

=== Step 6: Page 6 ===
Page 6

'Watch,” says Luigi. He races down the cor-
ridor toward Iggy. ‘This’ll be like taking candy
from a baby”
Iggy stands still as the plumber closes in.
Then, just as Luigi is about to grab the whistle,
the turtle ducks and pulls  his head into his
bumpy green shell.
Wha-bang!  Luigi sails over Iggy and slams
into a metal fuse box. He slumps to the floor, a
look of surprise on his face.
Iggy pops back out of his shell. “Hoo, hoo!”
he cackles. “I learned that trick from you
plumbers .”
The turtle trudges up to Mario, who backs
away slightly, ready to jump at the first wrong
move from the turtle. Instead, Iggy merely
hands him a piece of paper. “Read it before you
do anything stupid,” he warns.
Mario takes out a pair of reading glasses and
examines the yellowed page. He reads the pa-
8
per aloud. “In compliance with Fungus Law X-
27B,  a Magic Silver Whistle may be sounded
only by its rightful owner. Anyone else using the
whistle is in violation of the Mushroom King-
dom Legal Code. This offense is punishable by
up to seven years in the Sponge  Mines.”
"Hey,  how did you get to be the rightful
owner?” asks Luigi as he regains his feet and
stumbles toward the group.
“Read on,” says Iggy, sneering.
“The aforementioned Magic Silver Whistle
shall become the rightful possession of whoever
wins the International Mushroom Games,”
Mario continues. “Said games are to be held in
a neutral area of the Mushroom Kingdom,
every six years.”
The princess takes the document from
Mario’s hands and studies it carefully. “It looks
legal,” she concludes.
Mario and Luigi stare at each other. “Six
years!” they wail at the same time.
Iggy rocks back and forth in glee.
“Wait a minute!” says the princess. She
snaps open the large gold-and-emerald locket
that hangs from her neck. Removing a small
notebook, she thumbs through it. “According to

=== Step 7: Page 7 ===
Page 7

my date book, the next Mushroom Games are
in three weeks!” she announces.
“So soon?” Iggy asks, surprised. “I thought I
cheated, um, won that contest more recently
than that.” He rubs his lumpy green chin.
‘Well, I’d better start training.”
Iggy shuffles  off down the corridor, his toe-
nails clicking on the paneled metal.
Solve this puzzle to see what happens next:
l Find a correct path from the four heroes to
Iggy Koopa. Start on any one of the tiles clos-
est to the heroes. Move up, down, left, or right
until you reach Iggy. You may not move diago-
nally, and you may not cross the same tile pat-
tern more than twice. If you can trace a path
this way, then the heroes should follow Iggy. If
you think it can’t be done, then the four heroes
should leave.

=== Step 8: Page 8 ===
Page 8

" Going down,” Luigi mutters. He tumbles
tbrough the air.
Fortunately, he’s high above Water Land,
instead of the Koopahari Desert or Ripe Land.
A few hundred feet below, water stretches out
in every direction.
“Bombs  away!” Luigi shouts, curling himself
into a cannonball.
He can see a cluster of Cheep Cheeps below
him. They flap wildly, trying to get out of his
way. Then the plummeting plumber plunges
into the water.
12
"
.
. .The Mushroom Kingdom Royals!”
Feldspar shouts. “They’re the new champs!”
"Yay!" Toad cheers. He jumps up and down
with glee, stomping on the princess’s delicate
toes.
“Hooray!” shouts princess Toadstool. She’s so
excited about winning that she doesn’t even
notice the pain in her foot.
Feldspar presents the team with a Hoopster-
shaped trophy and also gives them fifty coins.
Mario and Luigi bow to each other, and do the
secret plumbers’ handshake. Mario even gives
the king a big hug.
“Ah-ah-choo!” he sneezes happily
Just then Luigi notices Iggy Koopa, slinking
away from the field. “Slow down, Iggy!” he
yells. The six champions scramble over to the
sneaky turtle.
“Cough up that whistle!” Luigi commands.
Iggy unfastens the silver chain and dangles

=== Step 9: Page 9 ===
Page 9

the small whistle above Luigi’s anxious palm.
“You can have it,” he snarls. “But you’ve got to
pay me five coins first.”
“What?” shout Mario and the princess.
“Listen, shellbrain,” says Luigi angrily. “If
you think we’re gonna--”
Iggy reaches into his pocket and takes out
another brown, tattered piece of paper. “In
accordance with Fungus Law W-16-N7  . . .”
“Okay, okay!” grumbles Luigi, admitting
defeat. He hands Iggy five of the shiny coins
he picked up during his travels through the
Mushroom Kingdom. The turtle pockets the
coins, hands Luigi the whistle, and walks away
in search of someone new to pick on,
‘Well?” cries the princess, shaking Luigi’s
shoulder. “What’re you waiting for?”
Luigi puts the whistle to his lips and blows.
It makes no sound. The whistle turns bright
green for a moment, then disappears complete-
ly. With a thunderclap and a flash of blue
light, the eight-foot white rabbit changes into a
six-foot, purple-robed king.
" The second event will be the Beetlebowl!”
shouts Feldspar.
Once again, the crowd cheers. A brass band
plays the Mushroom Kingdom national anthem.
Then Bowser Koopa, ruler of the turtles and the
worst villain in all the Mushroom Kingom,
pushes his way up to the band. He forces them
to play the Grand Koopa March. By the time
the frightened musicians have finished verse
twelve of “How Green Was My Belly,” the stadi-
um has been set up for the next event.
The center of the great field has been roped
off to form a diamond. In the middle of the dia-
mond sits a cluster of basketball-shaped
Hoopster  beetles. In each corner of the field
a large, empty bucket.
“All member  of each team will compete in
this event,” Feldspar explains. He raises an
orange Hoopster bug above his head. ‘There
will be four beetles on the field at all times.

=== Step 10: Page 10 ===
Page 10

Each team must try to drop one beetle into any
of their opponents’ buckets. At the same time,
you must stop your opponents from sinking one
into your bucket. Any questions?
“Yes!” shouts everyone in the stadium.
“Too bad,” replies the penguin. “Organize
your teams now,”
Luigi twirls his black mustache, trying to de-
cide which of the Royals should try to dunk the
beetles and which should play defense. “Okay,
he says, after a while. “Here’s the plan. . . .”
Solve this puzzle to help decide what the
Royals should do:
l These athletes are all competing in the
Mushroom Games. Can you find them in this
word search?
COBRAT  ROCKY MARIO LEMMY
IGGY ANGUS LUIGI SPIRE
FIRESNAKES  WENDY  ROY WOOSTER
TOAD THE KING
l Words go up, down, across and backwards.
The leftover letters will  help you decide how to
organize the Beetleball team.
1 6
)  , ,
GIPIRIL]
 L M
R
R K ,
!  ! I










.
l 

=== Step 11: Page 11 ===
Page 11

" Alakazam!” Luigi intones. The rabbit
blinks. Everyone in the throne room watches
intently
Nothing
happens.
“Say it louder,” the princess suggests.
Luigi waves the wand again. “ALAKAZAM!”
For a moment, Luigi hears a faint buzzing.
Then it stops. He reaches into his pocket and
pulls out all his coins. Several of them have
changed into tiny clumps of rabbit fur. He
drops them and they bounce away
“Try a different magic word,” Mario offers.
‘Yeah,” says Toad. “Try Alakazam.”
We just tried that,” the princess snaps.
“Oh,” says Toad. “Then try Alakazook!”
Once more, Luigi flourishes the wand at the
king. “And awa-a-a-a-y we go!”
1 8
   Over the next three weeks, Luigi, Mario,
 Toad and the princess train for the Interna-
tional  Mushroom Games. Luigi practices the
long jump, leaping over almost everything in
the Mushroom Kingdom. Mario works out by
picking up empty turtle shells and hurling
themasfarashecan.
The princess hones her surfing skills. She
also swims up several waterfalls, and climbs to
the top of Mount Morel, the tallest mountain in
the Mushroom Kingdom.
Toad works out a little. But he spends most
of his time helping Wooster keep an eye on the
king-which is a workout in itself Eight-foot-
tall rabbits are not easily entertained. His
Highness has been nibbling on curtains, bed-
posts, sculptures and picture frames. In fact,
everything in the palace shows signs of wear
from  the rabbit’s teeth.
‘We’ve just got to win!” sobs Wooster, as the
1 9

=== Step 12: Page 12 ===
Page 12

day of the games draws near. “If we don’t, the
palace will be ruined!”
Luigi  and his friends will have a tough time
winning. Solve this puzzle  to find out why.
l Queen Trufflessa  IV was the greatest athlete
in Mushroom Kingdom history, This is what
she said after she set the record for the 26-
mile-long hot dog eating contest:
‘WINNER, SCHMIN-NER! HURRY UP,
I WANT MY DINNER!”
l Look for the words of that famous quotation
in this grid. Cross them out as you find them.
The leftover words tell you why it will be hard
for our heroes to win the games.

=== Step 13: Page 13 ===
Page 13

' Up, up, and away!” shouts Luigi. He dash-
es up to the high bar and hurls himself into the
air. With the help of his magic equipment, he
clears the bar easily and dives into the great
green pipe.
“Two down, one to go,” he says when he
drops  out of the other end of the pipe. “This is
the one that counts.”
With all his might, Luigi flings his tall, skin-
ny body across the playing field. He lands at
the 152-Mushroom-Meter
 mark, just two units
further than Cobrat.
Then Iggy Koopa comes sailing out of the
giant pipe. The turtle is not quite as good a
jumper as Luigi. He leaps into the air and
drops towards the 140-Mushroom-Meter
 mark.
“I win!” Luigi thinks.
But just before he hits the ground, Iggy takes
out a large spray can. ‘Watch this,” he cackles.
He pushes the trigger on the can and it fires off a
22
blast of smelly green steam. Iggy shoots back
into the air. He lands with a thud next to a mark-
erthatsays "160 MUSHROOM METERS."
"First  place . . . Iggy Koopa!” calls Feldspar.
“Second place . . . Luigi.” He hands a wooden
medal to the plumber.
Nervously, Luigi heads back to the bench to
total up the medals and find out who wins.

=== Step 14: Page 14 ===
Page 14

"
. . . You’re our man, Mario,” says Luigi,
and tips his cap to his older brother.
“If you say so,” Mario replies. He gets up
from the bench and takes his place with the
others at the north end of the field.
The referee waddles up to the starting line.
He waves a small green flag high over his
head. “On your mark. Get set. GO!” he shouts
as he brings the flag down.
The four competitors leap into action.
Grunting and panting, they climb the brick
ledges and boxes that begin the course. Rocky
Wrench takes an early lead, diving from one
platform to another, but the others are only a
few yards behind.
Hand over hand, Mario moves along the
course, in last place by a few paces. He hangs
from a shiny metal box for a moment and
inspects it. The top of the cube pops open and
a small, glowing mushroom falls out.
24
“A Super Mushroom!” he cries excitedly.
“Now we’re getting somewhere.”
When he grabs the magical fungus, he’s sud-
denly charged with energy. He swings onto the
top of the box and examines the ledge above
his head. “Going up,” he calls, and smashes a
hole in the ledge with his fist. Then he jumps
through the hole and races along the top of the
ledge. He thumps his chest. “Ah, I feel so fit!”
When Mario reaches the next brick ledge, he
jumps up and smashes a hole in it, too.
Unfortunately, Angus Boomer is standing right
above him at the time. The SOO-pound turtle
falls  through-and lands on the plumber.
"Aaaggh!"  Mario cries despairingly.
Crash, crash, crash! Angus and Mario tum-
’ ble over the side of the ledge and fall  through
three flimsy wooden platforms before splashing
into the edge of the pool.
“Out of my way!” Angus shouts. He bats
Mario aside with a giant paw and swims away.
It takes Mario a few seconds to come to his
senses. The Super Mushroom has worn off.
Shaking his head, he plunges forward. The
plumber navigates the waterway with expert
skill. But he’s now far behind the others. By

=== Step 15: Page 15 ===
Page 15

the time he reaches the vines and starts climb-
ing, Rocky Wrench has already  crossed the fin-
ish line.
Meanwhile, Roy and Angus are boarding
their magic carpets.
“Allow me,” snarls the Koopa brat as he
yanks the rug out from under Angus. The
huge turtle plummets into the patch of snap-
ping, snarling Muncher plants. "Tsk, tsk,” Roy
says, and sails across the finish  line.
A few minutes later, Mario floats to the end
of the course. Exhausted, he trudges back tc
the bench.
“Third place!” shouts Feldspar. He hands
Mario a medal made of pure chocolate.
26
" I‘11 meet you there!” calls Luigi. He dashes
off to the palace. “Mario might be more
famous, and maybe even a bit smarter,” he
pants. ‘But nobody’s faster than me!”
He races along, hopping over snapping tur-
tles and Goombas that get in his way, There’s
no time to bonk them properly
Soon he reaches the white marble walls of
the palace. He bounces past the royal door-
men, asleep at their posts, and charges down
the hall into the throne room.
"Uh-oh," Luigi says as he crashes through
the massive wooden double doors.
The palace is usually spotless, thanks to the
attention of Wooster, the chief mushroom assis-
tant. If Wooster had his way, no one would
enter the throne  room until he passed a special
no-smudge test.
But there’s no sign of Wooster. Even more
troubling, there’s no sign of the king. Instead,

=== Step 16: Page 16 ===
Page 16

Morton Koopa, a large, armored turtle, is lum-
bering around the chamber. As Luigi watches
in alarm, Morton dips a paw into a jar he’s car-
rying and smears a fistful of peanut butter on
the royal walls.
“Rarrr!”  Morton growls. “I haven’t had so
much fun in weeks!” In one hand, he holds a
ruby-tipped wand. He scrapes it against the
royal blackboard. Luigi claps his hands over
his ears to block out the horrible sound.
"Yikes!" Morton blurts, as he notices Luigi.
"Time  to go!” He darts toward an open win-
dow. Luigi lunges at the evil turtle.
Solve this puzzle to see what happens:
l Follow the trail from Luigi to Morton.
Whenever you reach a blob of peanut butter,
choose which way to go. When you land on
either Morton or a window, follow the direc-
tions below.

=== Step 17: Page 17 ===
Page 17

At last, the day of the games arrives.
Welcome! Welcome!” squawks the official
Mushroom Games referee, a penguin named
Feldspar He waddles back and forth proudly on
a patch of blue grass in the center of the stadium,
waving his flippers to get the crowds attention.
Nearly every citizen of the Mushroom
Kingdom has turned out for the great festival.
Shoulder to shoulder, mushroom cap to mush-
room cap, leaf to  leaf they pack the stands that
have been set up in an open field near the
palace. Thousands of assorted Goombas,
Shyguys,  Thwomps, and even Cheep Cheeps
have traveled from the Koopahari Desert, Ice
Land and beyond to enjoy the spectacle.
Hordes of Koopa Troopas  and other foul-
smelling monsters have been given special
admittance to the Mushroom Kingdom so they
can root for the Koopas and the other teams
that will be competing.
30
Sitting on long wooden benches next to the
field are the four teams who have signed up to
play in the games. Six of the Koopa kids, in-
cluding Morton and Iggy, form one team. Three
pairs of huge, leering, twin turtles form another
team-the Hammers. As Luigi and the princess
argue over the name of their team, another aw-
ful group marches by. It includes a red serpent
named Cobrat,  a pair of blazing four-foot-long
Firesnakes, a vicious armadillo named Spike,
and two Bloober Nannies.
“Introducing . . . the Snakes!” Feldspar
announces. Spike taps him on the shoulder
and whispers in his ear “Excuse me . . . the
Sneaks!” the penguin says.
“I’ve got it!” says the princess. “Since we’re
representing the Mushroom Kingdom, and
some of us are royal”-she looks at the king
sadly-“let’s call ourselves the Mushroom
Kingdom Royals.”
Mario makes a face, but he holds his tongue
in deference to her royal highness. “Well,” says
Luigi. “Since you got to name the team, I get to
be team captain.” There’s no time to argue, as
the penguin referee starts talking once more.
“In each event, athletes  will have a chance to

=== Step 18: Page 18 ===
Page 18

win a medal,” Feldspar explains. “Tin medals
are for first place. Wooden medals are for sec-
ond place. Chocolate medals are for third
place. Anyone who eats his or her medal shall
be disqualified.”
Mario, Luigi, Princess Toadstool and Toad
listen to the rules carefully.  Wooster struggles
to keep the king from  hopping away.
“The team that wins the most medals will be
the new Mushroom Games Champions,”
Feldspar
continues.
He straightens his bow
tie. “Let the games begin!”
As you read the next few chapters, use a sepa-
rate pieee of paper to keep track of the medals
the Mushroom Kingdom Royals  win.
Luigi walks down the tunnel. The walls are
covered with a tangle of wires, levers, control
panels and circuit boxes. Small glass portholes
on both sides of the corridor display tie outside
ocean.
Schools of electric jellyfish drift by, but
they pay no attention to him.
He turns right at the first corner and runs
smack into Mario, Toad, and the princess.
‘What are you doing here?” Luigi asks, star-
tled.
“We’ve been following you on my flying car-
pet,” answers Princess Toadstool.
“Wooster was looking for carrot recipes in
the royal library, so he could make the king
something for dinner,” Toad explains. “He came
across a book about giant rabbits. According to
the book, if we want to change the king back to
normal, all we need is a magic silver whistle.”
‘The princess went to the Koopermarket  to
buy some snails yesterday,” Mario adds. “And

=== Step 19: Page 19 ===
Page 19

she remembers seeing a silver whistle around
Iggy Koopa’s neck.”
“Jewelry is my specialty,” the princess says
modestly.
Mario walks over to his brother and places
one hand on Luigi’s shoulder. “We saw you
heading towards Iggy’s lab. We thought you
might want a little help.”
Luigi is very hurt. “I knew you’d never let
me be a hero by myself,” he grumbles.
“Cheer up, little brother,” says Mario. “No
one’s going to get in your way Besides, we had
to tell you about the magic whistle.”
What about my whistle?” says a shrill voice.
All four adventurers turn at once. A few
yards away stands a five-foot-tall turtle wear-
ing glasses. The wind from an air duct above
his head tosses his purple hair wildly
“Iggy Koopa!” they exclaim in unison.
Around his neck, for all to see, is a small whis-
tle on a shiny silver chain.
34
" 0 h, all right,” says Luigi. He throws up his
hands. “Let Wooster be team captain.”
“Wait a minute!” Mario protests. What
about me and the princess?”
“Please-oh-please-oh-please,”
Wooster
pleads. “Let me do it!”
“Oh, fine,” says the princess.
“Goody!” Wooster smiles and stands up in
front of the group. After beaming for a few sec-
onds, he looks concerned. “Er-what is it that
Pm supposed to do?” he asks.
“Choose who jumps!” everyone shouts at him
angrily.
“Oh,” Wooster says. “That’s easy.” He skips
around the bench, looking at his teammates
closely. “I think it should be . . . the king.”
“Brilliant!” declares Mario.
Beaming, Wooster leads the rabbit to the
jumping track and gives him  a gentle shove.“Hey!
No fair!” shouts Iggy, from the Koopas’ bench.

=== Step 20: Page 20 ===
Page 20

With one tremendous leap, the king bounds
over the high bar, sails through the pipe, and
lands at the end of the field, more than 600
Mushroom Meters away.
“First place!” shouts Feldspar. “And you get
two tin medals, your Majesty. One for winning
the contest, and one for setting a new
Mushroom Kingdom record!”
36
" C an’t I leave this palace for five minutes
without everything falling  apart?” the princess
grumbles.
She straightens the chain of her gold
and emerald necklace and looks angrily around
the throne room for more signs of destruction.
“Urn-your Majesty . . .” Wooster squeaks.
He holds his hands behind his back, shifting
his feet nervously.
"I'm not through complaining yet!” snaps the
princess. She paces back and forth, getting
angrier and angrier. ‘Where’s my surfboard?
My jewlery box is on the floor! The strings are
missing from my tennis racquet! Hey-wait a
minute!” She stops and looks at the empty
throne. ‘Where’s my father?”
“That’s what I wanted to mention to you,
your Highness,” mumbles Wooster. The chief
mushroom assistant takes one hand from
behind his back. Sadly, he holds up a small,
fluffy,  white rabbit.

=== Step 21: Page 21 ===
Page 21

The animal is kicking, but Wooster grips
him tightly. Luigi notes that the rabbit has a
thin black mustache and a tiny, onion-shaped
crown. The rabbit looks confused.
Yt’s the king!” Luigi gasps.
"I was in the garage, trying to untangle the
royal air hoses,” moans Wooster. While I was
gone, that horrible turtle zapped the king with
a magic wand.”
“Achoo!”  Mario sneezes. "I'm allergic to rab
bit fur.”
“That’s just great,” says the princess. “We
need that wand, and fast!”
“Relax, princess,” says Luigi. "There's  no
need to get nervous. I’m at your service."
" C ha-a-a-arge!”
shout the princess and the
two plumbers. Waving their arms madly, they
race to the center of the field.
For a few minutes the center of the diamond
is a blur of fur, scales, mushrooms and
plumbers. Some of the monsters are pounding
each other with their fists. Most are simply
scrambling to catch the slippery beetles,
“Got one!” shouts Lemmy Koopa, clutching
one of the Hoopsters.
Spike the armadillo grabs the beetle from
the rainbow-haired reptile. “Let’s trade,” he
cackles, handing Lemmy a rotten melon.
Spike lights a fuse on the end of the melon. It
blows up, splattering Lemmy with smelly goo.
Meanwhile, Toad, Wooster and the rabbit
king guard their bucket. But after eating all
the grass in their goal area, the king hops off in
search of new things to nibble.
“Come back!” shouts Wooster, following him.

=== Step 22: Page 22 ===
Page 22

“Uh-oh,” mutters Toad.
Wendy 0. Koopa runs up to the Royals’
bucket, steps right over Toad and slams the
beetle into the goal. Then Cobrat  slithers over,
with a Hoopster gripped in his fangs.
Toad holds both arms in front of him in an
effort to push back the giant red snake, but
Cobrat slips between his legs, rears up, and
drops the beetle into the bucket.
Next the Sledge Brothers, the biggest turtles
Toad has ever seen, stomp toward the goal.
The royal mushroom retainer doesn’t even
try to stop them. “Yipe!” Toad squeals. He
scurries out of the way, barely dodging the
mammoth turtles’ powerful feet.
Mario, Luigi and the princess have a Hoop-
ster, and are passing it back and forth as they
work toward the nearest bucket. But before
they get a chance to dunk, the game is over!
‘Third place, event over,” yells Feldspar as
one of the Sledge Brothers deposits his beetle.
40
Luigi  grips the rail with one hand and his cap
with the other. He closes his eyes and braces
himself for the ship to crash.
Seconds pass, but nothing happens. Finally,
Luigi opens his eyes. To his amazement, the
ship has stopped its descent a few inches above
the water. It drifts into the mouth of a huge
metal pipe sticking out of the sea.
The Doom Ship sinks down the pipe. It
drops for about two hundred feet. Then it gen-
tly touches down in a large, square room.
“Where are we?” Luigi mutters; gazing
about him. Wires, light bulbs, meters and con-
trol panels are everywhere.
“This must one of Iggy’s secret labs,” Luigi
thinks. But when he looks toward the steering
wheel, the turtle is gone.
Quickly, the plumber jumps to the floor.
There’s no sign of Iggy. What now?"  Luigi
mutters. Finally, he heads toward one of sever-

=== Step 23: Page 23 ===
Page 23

al tunnels that lead out of the room. Before he
reaches the tunnel entrance, he stumbles over
a metal hatch in the floor.
“Hmmm,” says Luigi.  “Should I check out
the tunnel, or should I look below?”
Solve this puzzle for a clue:
l Read the chart on the right, and connect all
the pairs of numbers on the list in the drawing
below. Then read the message that appears.
It’ll help you decide what Luigi should do next.
l Connect the following numbers:
12-18 6-12 32-33 9-10 15-21 27-28
8-14
15-16 20-21 17-18 13-19 26-27
10-11  19-25 31-32 33-34 5-11
13-14
25-31 28-34 8-9
20-26 16-17
42
13 ADllJQ\
14
15
16
17
18
19 B  S  A  M-E-I,,
20
21
22
23
24

2s
2.’
2p
(LOWEZ\V

=== Step 24: Page 24 ===
Page 24

" I wonder how Iggy won the Mushroom
Games in the first place,” Luigi ponders. “Do
you think he cheated?”
“Does Fort Koopa need sweeping?” quips
Mario. “He cheated. Let’s get him!”
The four friends tiptoe after Iggy. Mario and
Luigi move ahead. But just as they’re about to
grab him, Iggy whirls and reaches for a lever
on the wall. He pulls it down.
Whoosh! A blast of water gushes down from
a pipe in the ceiling. The heroes are washed
backward down the hall. They tumble head
over heels, and finally land on the floor in a
soggy heap.
Soaking wet and disappointed, the four
heroes head back to the flying carpet.
Toad, the princess, and the two plumbers
gather as many picnic supplies as they can and
hurry to the palace. Snapping turtles and
Goomba mushrooms scurry out of their way as
the group marches along the crooked brick
road. They climb the grand staircase to the
large, white marble castle.
As they enter the main hall, Princess
Toadstool  spies the two royal doormen, Gerkins
and Brock.  Both are asleep at their posts. She
doesn’t say anything to them, but she looks
angry. And when she pushes open the great
double doors to the throne room, the princess’s
face turns beet red.
The king is nowhere to be found. Neither is
Wooster, the chief mushroom assistant.
Neither is Morton Koopa. There’s nothing in
the throne room but a colossal mess,
Peanut butter covers every inch of the royal
woodwork. Everywhere, Princess Toadstool

=== Step 25: Page 25 ===
Page 25

sees broken fragments of her china cups and
saucers. Jagged turtle toothmarks mar several
pieces of the king’s prized melon collection. At
last, she explodes with rage.
“This is too much!” she cries. She peers out
the window, but there’s no sign of Morton Koo-
pa. Then she looks behind the throne and finds
Wooster crouching there, shaking with fear.
“H-hello, your Highness,” whimpers the tall,
pale mushroom.  Wow was your picnic?”
46
The next few contests go badly for the
Mushroom Kingdom Royals.  Wooster comes in
last in the Turnip  Toss.  While everyone else
throws their vegetables for distance and ac-
curacy, the chief mushroom assistant arranges
his in neat piles on the ground.
“They look so much better this way,”
Wooster argues, appealing to Feldspar. But
the referee only scowls, and the Boyals get no
medal for the event.
Princess Toadstool loses the Waterfall Race,
also. Iggy Koopa spins her around so she ends
up pointing the wrong way. Instead of swim-
ming up the waterfall,  she heads deep into the
pool at the bottom. And before she realizes her
mistake, the race is over.
The only bright moment comes when Toad
enters the Fungus Lift. Everyone, including
the Mario Brothers, is astounded when the
mushroom retainer lifts twelve thousand

=== Step 26: Page 26 ===
Page 26

pounds. Not even the Sledge Brothers can do
that. The Royals  get a tin medal.
As the sun begins to set, the Mushroom
Games are almost over, Only one event is
left--the Super Triple Jump.
Solve this  puzzle for a look ahead:
l The plumbers, the princess and Toad are
about to practice for the final event. The chart
at the top shows how high each can jump.
Follow the arrow next to each athlete and cross
out every hurdle which is too high for him or
her to clear The letters under the remaining
hurdles spell out something extra the
plumbers will get if they  win the games.

=== Step 27: Page 27 ===
Page 27

SPLOOSH!
Luigi crashes into the water and
immediately begins sinking into the murky,
blue-green depths. He struggles as he plum-
mets past swirling tufts of brown seaweed and
schools of squid-like Bloober babies.
The anchor in his back pocket weighs him
down like a month-old meatloaf. Not even an
expert swimmer like Luigi can float with one of
those tucked in his overalls pocket.
“G-a-r-r-g-g-e,” bubbles the helpless plumber
as he rockets into the depths.
Too late, Luigi realizes that he’s being drawn
into the mouth of an enormous green pipe at
the bottom of the pool. He clutches frantically
at seaweed strands, lotus leaves, and anything
else within his reach. But nothing prevents
him from spiralling into the churning whirpool.
“A-a-a-r-g-h!” he gurgles. Then he’s siphoned
into the dark mouth of the giant pipe.
Everything goes black.
50
A few hours later, Luigi is awakened by a
sharp pain in his back.
“Ooooh,” he groans, and pulls the anchor
from the back pocket of his soggy overalls.
“where’s my cap?”
Luigi gazes about his new surroundings.
“Wait a minute..
. where am I?” he asks.
Above his head are thirty different pipe
openings. On all sides are clusters of multi-col-
ored pipes. Great networks of tubing stretch
as far as the eye can see.
Luigi now knows where he is. “Oh no! I’m in
Pipe Land!” he wails. “It could take me weeks to
get out of here-and I didn’t even have lunch!”
Luigi grits his teeth in frustration. Then he
climbs to his feet and begins the long journey
home. By the time he escapes from the maze
of,metal tubes, the Koopas will surely have
completed their evil plans. Even worse, Mario
might save the day without him! Either way,
Luigi’s plans are ruined.

=== Step 28: Page 28 ===
Page 28

L  decides to take a look below. He lifts
the hatch open and climbs down a ladder into a
steamy, dimly lit room.
Suddenly his foot slips on one of the slimy lad-
der rungs. Luigi falls off the ladder and drops
into a huge pool filled  with warm, salty water.
He coughs, sputters-and freezes. Staring right
at him are eight pairs of bloodshot, baseball-
sized eyes.
“Bloobers!” Luigi thrashes frantically.
A school of giant, white, squid-like creatures
slides up to the frightened plumber and sur-
rounds him. He can’t get away!
Solve this puzzle to find oat what happens next:
l Start on the bubble in the center  of the page.
If Luigi has the frog suit, move one space up. If
not, move either one space left or one space
right. The arrow on each new space will show
you where to go next. When you land on a
Bloober  or on Luigi, follow the directions below.

=== Step 29: Page 29 ===
Page 29

As soon as they see that the king is back to
normal, the friends begin to jump for joy.
Mario and Luigi do the high five.
“What happened?” asks bis majesty, adjust-
ing his crown. “I was sitting in my throne
room two seconds ago. How did I get out here?”
As the champions walk back to the palace,
princess ‘lbadstool tells her father all about the
wand, the whistle and the great sporting event.
The king is delighted by the story.
That evening, he holds a great feast in honor
of the Mario Bros. Hundreds of mushrooms
are invited. The finest  musicians are hired to
play during the gala affair. And everyone
stuffs themselves with steaming bowls of the
ravioli.
Everyone, that is, except for the king himself.
He just smiles and nibbles on a nice, juicy carrot.
" Okay,” Luigi tells his team. “I’m not sure
which team is ahead in the standings, but it’s
close. This  jump could decide it.”
“We’ve just got to win,” says the princess.
“We won’t get another chance to win that
magic whistle for six years.”
“Six years?” groans Wooster. He brushes
away the king, who has been nibbling on his
hat. ‘The palace will be ruined by then!”
“So wish me luck, guys,” Luigi continues.
“I’m doing the Super Triple  Jump.”
Mario scowls. Why do you get to do it?”
“Because Pm captain,” Luigi replies.
“Oh yeah?” snaps Princess lbadstool. “You’ve
been running this show all day, and we haven’t
done that well. Why don’t you let someone else
make the decisions?”
“Let me be captain,” says Wooster brightly
"That's not what I had in mind,” says the
princess.

=== Step 30: Page 30 ===
Page 30

Meanwhile the crowd is becoming restless as
it awaits the final  event. In the center of the
stadium, a high bar has been set up. Next to it,
a huge pipe hangs by cables from a balloon
above the field. A long area has been cleared
for the third part of the jump.
“Ladies and gentlemen, monsters and mush-
rooms!” squawks Feldspar. “lb compete in this
event, you must clear the high bar, jump
through the pipe, and then leap as far as you
can. Whoever jumps farthest at the end will
win the final tin medal. Are you ready?”
Iggy Koopa steps forward to jump for the
Koopa team. Cobrat  slithers up to jump for the
Sneaks.
None of the Hammers can jump very
well-their legs are too short. They simply
bow out of the competition.
“Good! The Hammers are out,” says Luigi.
“Do I get to be team captain now?” Wooster
asks.
'T hat’s it, it’s over,” says Mario.
“Hid we win?” asks Toad.
The princess snaps open her locket. She
takes out a pencil and a notepad and begins to
count up the medals that each team has won.
But before she can finish,  the penguin referee
waddles to the center of the field.
The crowd falls silent.
“The judges have reached a decision!”
Feldspar trumpets. “And the winner is . . .”
Here’s how to add up the Royals’s  score: for
each tin medal, score 10 points. For each
wooden medal, score 5 points. For each choco-
late medal, score 1 point. If the total is:

=== Step 31: Page 31 ===
Page 31

Luigi jumps onto the porch of the floating
shack and knocks on the door.
“No one’s home,” a gruff, scratchy voice calls
from within,
“Well, then,” Luigi says cheerfully, “I’ll let
myself in  and have a look around.”
“Oh, no you won’t!” shouts the same voice.
The door swings open to reveal Morton Koopa.
His three straggly hairs wave gracefully in the
soft Water Land breeze.
Luigi jumps over the large turtle and looks
about the cabin. He sees nothing but old socks
and garbage. “You  zapped the king with a magic
wand,” he accuses Morton. “What are you going
to do about it?” He opens a box and wrinkles his
nose at the awful smell that seeps out.
“Hey! Leave my stuff alone!” yells Morton
as he tries to grab Luigi. But every time
Morton lunges at Luigi, the plumber hops
aside. Soon Morton-who’s not known for his
58
stamina-begins to tire. Finally, he waddles
over to a box on one wall and flips open its lid.
Then he presses a small red button.
‘What does that do?” asks Luigi, standing
still for a moment.
‘You’ll see,” sneers Morton. He points with
his scaly finger  to one of the houseboat’s dirty
windows. There in the sky, a large black object
approaches.
“The Doom Ship!” cries Luigi. “Just what I
need.” The Koopa family’s floating battleship
drifts  over Morton’s slimy boat. It looks like a
cross between a pirate ship and a merry-go-
round, festooned with propellers and steam
pipes. On deck, Luigi glimpses Iggy Koopa, one
of Morton’s awful brothers. Just then, Morton
bolts out the door.
“Come back here!” Luigi yells. He darts
after  the turtle.
From high above the houseboat, Iggy  lowers
a rope ladder to Morton. They shout some-
thing to each other in Koopanese. But when
Iggy spots Luigi, he stops short and hauls the
ladder back up again. The Doom Ship rises
swiftly back into the sky. "Arrrrgh,"  Morton
growls. “Little brothers are so cowardly!” He

=== Step 32: Page 32 ===
Page 32

dives into the water and swims frantically
toward the next island.
“I resent that!” says Luigi. “And one of you
has some explaining to do.” He frowns as both
reptiles start to escape. “But which brother
should I go after?”
Solve this  puzzle for a clue:
l There are two messages in this picture, but
they’ve gotten mixed together. Swap all the
odd-numbered letters in the two trails. When
you’re done, the trails will help you decide
what Luigi should do next.
6 6

=== Step 33: Page 33 ===
Page 33

with one terrific leap, Luigi jumps into the air
and grabs one of the twisted metal bars that
hang from the bottom of the Doom Ship. “I’d like
to see Mario try that,” he says to himself.
Carefully,  he climbs up the side of the great
ship, clinging to its warped wooden planks.
Luigi is not especially afraid of heights, but he
tries not to look down. In no time, he reaches
the top.
He swings over the railing and onto the
deck, and then dives behind a stack of crates
marked “FRAGILE-PLEASE DROP."  Iggy Koopa
stands at the steering wheel of the ship, wear-
ing a white backpack. The scrawny turtle
doesn’t seem to notice the plumber.
“Now’s my chance,” thinks Luigi. He crouch-
es behind the crates, watching Iggy carefully. “I
can scare the turtle off and take over the ship!”
Then he pauses, thinking hard. “Or should I
wait here and see what happens?”
62
Solve this puzzle for help:
l Draw a straight line from each of the Doom
Ship cannons in this drawing. Then cross out
any of the letters in the boxes that your lines
touch. The leftover letters spell out a secret
message that will help you decide what Luigi
should do next.

=== Step 34: Page 34 ===
Page 34

" It’s terrible! It’s horrible! It’s . . . it’s not
good!” yelps Toad, the royal mushroom retain-
er, as he dashes up. “Morton Koopa’s in the
palace, and he’s making a terrible mess.”
“Ugh,” Mario grunts. “Another Koopa
attack. It seems like every time we stop one of
those crummy turtles, another shows up.”
‘Thanks for coming to warn us, Toad," says
the princess. She addresses the plumbers in
her best mushroom royalty voice. ‘Let’s hurry
back to the palace. The king needs our help.”
“I’ll run ahead,” Mario offers. “The king will
want my protection right away.”
“No!” Luigi shouts. “I can get there faster.”
When the princess looks the other way, he
sticks his tongue out at his brother.
Mario grabs one of the cold, uneaten
anchovies and plops it onto Luigi’s tongue.
Luigi spits it out indignantly.
“Let’s all go together,” Toad suggests.
64
“Hmm,” says Princess Toadstool thought-
fully, “I just don’t know what to do!”
Here’s a clue to help you  decide:
l Shade in all the spaces with an odd number
of sides, and a secret message will be revealed.

=== Step 35: Page 35 ===
Page 35

"
T he
"They're the
Koopas!”
announces
Feldspar.
Mushroom Games champions!”
Slowly, the crowds file out of the stadium.
Our heroes stand in the field, pondering their
defeat. It starts to drizzle.
“Nice  try, guys,” Iggy Koopa calls, sneering.
He waddles up to the princess and places one
greasy, green paw on her shoulder. “Tell you
what,” he says. “Because you tried so hard, I’ll
let you use my whistle anyway.”
“Really?” The princess’s eyes brighten.
“No,”  replies Iggy. “I was just kidding. Hee,
hee!” He walks off.
Well get him next time,” Luigi vows.
“Next  time?” groans Wooster. "That's not for
six years. By then, the King will have chewed
up the entire Mushroom Kingdom!”
A great, slippery Bloober swishes up to Luigi.
It waves one of its rubbery tentacles in front of
the plumber’s face and sprays him with a blast
of bluish-black ink. Then it darts away to the
.
other end of the tank.
"Yuck!" Luigi wipes the gooey syrup from
his face. He swims after the Bloober. “I’ll get
you, you big rubber chicken!” he shouts. But
suddenly, the corners of his vision become
fuzzy. Looking back, he sees that he’s swim-
ming in a crazy, weaving pattern. His arms
and legs seem to be moving in slow motion.
“That was a blast of Sleepy Ink, I think,
Luigi says to himself. He yawns and paddles
for a few more yards. Then he drifts into a
deep sleep. He rolls over on his back in the
water and floats away to dreamland.
When Luigi wakes, he’s completely dry. He’s
lying flat on his back on the log bridge at the
entrance to Water Land

=== Step 36: Page 36 ===
Page 36

“How did I get here?” he says sleepily. “I
was chasing Morton, and then I got on the
Doom Ship, and then it landed in Iggy’s lab,
but I lost Iggy, and. . . I don’t know!”
He sits up. “The one thing I do know is, I’ve
got to find one of the Koopas and make them
restore the king!”
68
L uigi clicks the heels of his plumber boots
together and waits until he has the attention of
everyone in the room.
“Remain calm, everyone,” he announces.
“The younger, better-looking plumber is here.
Everything is under control.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” demands
Mario. He’s still sniffling  because of the rabbit’s
fur.
Luigi twirls the ends of bis glossy black mus-
tache.
“I’ve just had a little chat with Morton
Koopa,” he explains. “I convinced him to, uh,
‘lend’ me his magic wand. Whenever you’re
ready, I’ll change the king back to his normal
short-eared self.”
“Take your time,” Toad says, as he strokes
the king’s soft white fur. “I think he’s kind of
cute this way.”
The  furry monarch bites Toad’s thumb.
“Ouch!” Toad shouts.

=== Step 37: Page 37 ===
Page 37

“Maybe you’d better get this over-with,”
advises the princess.
“Have no fear my dear, your plumber  is here
with the magical gear!” Luigi sings as he
bounces up to the throne.
The princess leans over to Mario. “Does he
always act this way?” she whispers.
"Nah." Mario shakes his head. “He’s usual-
ly a lot goofier.”
Luigi pulls the ruby wand from a pocket in
his overalls. “You know, I’ve never used one of
these before,” he says. “But it can’t be much
trickier than using a pipe wrench.”
Wooster holds the royal rabbit at arms’ length.
“I hope this isn’t going to be messy,” he grumbles.
Luigi waves the wand in a circle. The rabbit
king blinks. But nothing happens.
“Say a magic word," suggests the princess.
‘Yeah, like Alakazook!” adds Toad.
“I think that’s supposed to be Alakazam,”
Princess Toadstool says.
“I think it’s supposed to be hurry up!“’ says
Mario impatiently
“All right folks, here we go!” cries Luigi. He
waves the ruby wand once more. This  time, he
shouts out a magic word.
70
Solve this puzzle for a clue:
Find a path from the fearless plumber to the
rabbit king. The letters you cross along the
way will spell out the correct magic word.

=== Step 38: Page 38 ===
Page 38

STOP! It’s impossible to get that score. Turn
back to the page you were just on and check
your answer carefully.
72
" Leave everything to me,” says Luigi. " I ' l l
track down that Koopa fink, faster than six
Shyguys  can clog a sink.”
“Spare us the poetry. Just find out how to
change Daddy back,” says the princess.
‘Wait for me,” says Toad, scampering up to
Luigi. He points through the window. The
bridge to Water Land is off in the distance. "I
can show you where Morton Koopa lives.”
Luigi waves for Toad to come along.
“I’m coming, too,” Mario says. “You never
know when you might run into trouble.”
“Big brother,” Luigi says, “can’t you let some-
one else be a hero, just once?”
“Oh, all right,” Mario agrees. “you go track
down Morton Koopa. I’ll just wait here
and-Achoo!-and  sneeze.”
Wooster hands him a large, nose-shaped box
of tissues. “Thanks,” says Mario.
Luigi and Toad climb out the open window.

=== Step 39: Page 39 ===
Page 39

Starting from a berry bush near the palace,
muddy three-toed footprints lead along the
road toward Water Land.
The trail is easy to navigate. Not only do
our heroes have Morton’s footprints to follow,
but the turtle has left a trail of candy wrappers
along the way. The garbage-strewn road winds
around brick walls, through a patch of Piranha
Plants, and on toward the distant zone known
as Water Land.
Solve this puzzle to find out what else Luigi  will
flnd in Water land:
l There’s a secret message in the water, but
the reflection from the sign is covering it up.
Hold the page up to a mirror and cross out the
18 letters in the water that also appear on the
sign. The leftover letters will tell you what’s in
store for Luigi.

=== Step 40: Page 40 ===
Page 40

" c ome back here, Morton!” shouts Luigi,
swimming after  the canoe. “You’ve done some-
thing awful to the Mushroom King.”
"I don’t know.” Morton chuckles. “I thought
it was kind of bunny-get it? Hah, hah, hah!”
He continues paddling away.
“You’re not scared, are you?” asks Luigi,
struggling to keep up with the canoe.
‘What?” Morton stops paddling.
“A big, strong turtle like you,” Luigi contin-
ues, "running  away from a plumber?”
‘Who’s running away?” bellows Morton. He
stands up in the canoe,  clutching the paddle.
Luigi Ieaps right out of the water and makes
a dive for the angry turtle.
Solve this puzzle to  find out what happens next:
l Choose one of these two paths from the
plumber to the turtle. Trace  it with your finger
or a pencil. Then read the directions below.

=== Step 41: Page 41 ===
Page 41

Lui gi dives for the turtle, but Morton skips
out of the way Clang! Luigi crashes into a
stack of royal ceremonial cowbells. Before he
can get up, Luigi hears the patter of toenails
against the marble floor. Morton slides out the
window and is gone.
“A lot of help you turned out to be!” snaps
Princess Toadstool. She marches into the
throne room a few yards ahead of Mario and
Toad and gazes around the royal chamber.
“Oh no!” she groans, examining her 400-
year-old miniature tomato garden. A large,
three-toed footprint is pressed into the center
of the plastic basin. “Now I’m really, really,
really mad! Where’s Wooster?”
A tall, pale mushroom pokes his head meek-
ly out from behind the throne. “Hello, your
Highness,” he whimpers.
78
" I can’t help you change the king back to nor-
mal,” Morton tells Luigi. “That wand only
works in one direction.”
‘We found that out,” says Luigi.
“My brother Iggy can fix your king. He has
a magic silver whistle that can do it,” Morton
continues. “But good luck getting help from
him!” The turtle laughs sourly Then he bares
his fangs. “That’s all I know,” he snarls. “Now
let me go!”
Morton seems to be telling the truth, Luigi
thinks. with one foot, he pushes the turtle off
the small island. Morton rights himself in the
water and paddles away
“That’s that,” the plumber says, wiping some
slime from his boot. “Now how am I going to
find Iggy?”
As the plumber scratches his head, he sees
something approaching in the sky.
“Could it be the Doom Ship again?” asks

=== Step 42: Page 42 ===
Page 42

Luigi, hopefully But the object is much too
small to be the Koopas’ private flying fortress.
As it gets closer, Luigi makes out three familiar
figures perched on a flying carpet. Soon Mario,
the princess and Toad swoop down from the sky.
“Take me to Iggy Koopa,” says Luigi, board-
ing the rug.
“That’s easy,” replies the princess, as she
commands the magic carpet to rise back into
the air. “I just saw him on the Doom Ship,
heading the other way.”
As the four of them sail through the sky,
Luigi tells the others what Morton revealed
about the magic whistle. Suddenly Toad
begins to jump up and down excitedly, almost
upsetting the carpet.
“Settle down!” shouts the princess over the
rush of air.
“Look,” says Toad, pointing to the water, far
below. Luigi catches a quick glimpse of the
Doom Ship. Then it disappears into a wide
pipe sticking out of the water.
“Follow that boat!” Luigi shouts.
Solve this puzzle to find out where the four
heroes are headed:
l The name of a place can be spelled out with
the letters on these flying carpets. Start with
the rug that has the smallest number of fringes
on each end. Read the letters on it. Then read
the letters on the rug with the next smallest
number of fringes.  Keep going in order, from
smallest to largest. The letters spell out our
heroes’ destination.

=== Step 43: Page 43 ===
Page 43

" I‘m going to run the obstacle course myself,”
Luigi announces.
“You?” Mario and the princess shout.
“Yes. I’m the team captain and I think I
should do the first event,” Luigi says.
“C’mon, you guys,” Toad interrupts. “It’s
about to start.”
Luigi rushes to the starting line, just as the
penguin begins to speak.
“On your mark,” Feldspar calls. “Get-”
Roy Koopa, Angus Boomer and Rocky
Wrench take off and start to climb the first
ledge.
" . . . set. G-o!” Feldspar squawks.
“Hey, they’re cheating!” Luigi protests. He
walks toward the referee to complain. "They
started early.”
“Forget it!” shouts Mario.
“Just catch up!” the princess calls.
Luigi turns and scurries along the first  part of
the course. He is much better at jumping and
climbing than is the giant turtle, Angus. By the
time the athletes reach the water, Luigi is in
third place, with Rocky and Roy ahead of him.
ZAP! An electric jellyfish brushes against Lui-
gi, giving him a painful jolt. Stunned, he stops
paddling. Seconds later, Angus splashes past.
“Haw! Haw!” the giant turtle roars. Wait
here, and I’ll get you some electric peanut but-
ter to go with that jellyfish.”
Luigi slaps himself across the face to wake
up. Then, he races after the others. He climbs
the vines quickly and jumps onto a carpet for
the home stretch.
A few hundred yards ahead, Rocky Wrench
has piloted his flying carpet directly under Roy
Koopa. He takes out a pair of needle-nosed pli-
ers and swiftly cuts a large hole in Roy’s carpet.
With a desperate wail, the turtle falls through
and tumbles to the patch of Muncher plants be-
low. Luckily for him, the plants refuse to eat his
tough flesh, but he’s out of the race.
“Now there’s an idea,” says Luigi. He spies
Angus’ flying carpet only a few feet ahead. The
plumber steers his craft under Angus and uses a
wrench to rip a hole in the giant turtle’s carpet.

=== Step 44: Page 44 ===
Page 44

Fwomp! Angus falls right on top of Luigi,
squashing him flat. The two of them drift
slowly across the finish line.
“Angus Boomer wins second place,” shouts
the penguin referee.
“Mmmmph. Mmmm-hmmmm,” mumbles
Luigi from underneath the giant turtle. But
the judge doesn’t see or hear him.
Eventually, Angus gets up from the carpet.
Mario and Princess Toadstool pick the groan-
ing Luigi up and drag him back to their bench.
“Little brother,” says Mario, “a plumber
should always use his wrench for good, and
never for evil.”
" The princess and I will dunk beetles,” Luigi
commands. “Everybody else has got to guard
our bucket.”
“Commence play,” calls Feldspar. The two
Royals  dash into the diamond.
Two Firesnakes playing for the Sneaks take
control of the center of the field. By turning up
their flames, they blast the area with heat and
light. Anyone who gets within ten feet of them
is blinded.
Suddenly Roy Koopa pushes his way into
the center. Wearing dark glasses, he moves
easily through the tussling monsters. Grinning
with glee, he grabs a Hoopster.
“Hah!” he laughs. “This is easier than steal-
ing birthday presents from my brothers!”
A squinting Rocky Wrench produces a pot of
ink from his toolbox. He smears the lenses of
Roy’s glasses with black goo.
“Aaargh,” growls the turtle, stumbling. He

=== Step 45: Page 45 ===
Page 45

trips, falls, and drops his Hoopster.
One of the Firesnakes snatches the beetle
and zooms towards the Royals’ bucket. Toad
tries to defend it, but the glare from the
F’iresnake is too bright. As Toad squints, the
blazing reptile zig-zags past him. Wooster is off
chasing the rabbit king. Only Mario stands
between the Sneak and the goal.
Just then, the king hops by, with Wooster
hot on his heels. The giant rabbit brushes
against the plumber.
“Achoo!”  Mario sneezes with such force that
it extinguishes the Firesnake. Smoldering, the
creature drops the Hoopster.
“Luigi, catch!” shouts Mario. He tosses the
beetle to his brother. Luigi leaps over the tan-
gle of monsters in the diamond and hands the
beetle to the princess. She dunks it into the
Koopas’ undefended bucket.
‘Yes!” She raises both arms in triumph.
Unfortunately, the Hammers have scored
already. When the game is finally over, the
Royals  receive a second place medal.
" Hang on!” shouts the princess as she sends
the carpet into a steep dive. The four heroes
soar into the open pipe and race down through
a long, dark tunnel. Suddenly, the princess
brings the carpet to a halt.
‘Where did you learn to drive?” asks Mario
as he gasps for breath.
“Hush!” orders the princess. “Look around.”
They’ve lauded in a cavernous room beneath
the sea. Cables, pulleys and chains are strewn
everywhere. Hanging fish-shaped lanterns
bathe the chamber with an eerie blue light.
Several hallways branch out from the area.
‘What is this place?” asks the princess. Her
voice echoes in the emptiness.
Odd machinery and chunks of scrap metal
are stacked about the great, round room. But
there’s no sign of the Doom Ship or its captain.
“Come on,” says Luigi,  stepping off the car-
pet. ‘Let’s get going.”

=== Step 46: Page 46 ===
Page 46

The others follow him through the echoing
corridors, peeking through several glass port-
holes as they go. Outside, strange sea crea-
tures swim past, paying no attention to them
at all.
Then they round a corner and see something
familiar. Not pleasant-just familiar. It’s a
wiry, five-foot-tall turtle with purplish hair and
a snaggle-toothed leer. A small silver whistle
is dangling from a chain around his neck.
“Iggy Koopa,” Princess Toadstool cries. "Ugh!"
Iggy scowls. “Is there a leak in one of the
tunnels?” he whines. “How did all these drips
get in?”
"S tick with me, guys, and I’ll make you
proud,” says Luigi.
“Oh, all right,” says the princess. “Just
don’t disappoint us.”
"Achoo!" Mario sneezes as the king brushes
againsthim.
Luigi shakes hands with his teammates and
heads on to the playing field.
Cobrat has already begun his leap. The
slimy snake coils himself into the shape of a
spring and bounces easily over the high bar.
Then he bounces again and slides neatly
through the pipe. As the crowd cheers, he
flings himself across the end of the course.
“One hundred fifty Mushroom Meters!”
announces
Feldspar
"Hmmm,”  says Luigi, adjusting his cap. “Not
bad, but I can do better.” He checks to make
sure that his plumber’s shoelaces are tied
tightly. Then he gets ready to jump.

=== Step 47: Page 47 ===
Page 47

9 9
Luigi lands in the water right next to the
canoe. He grabs one side of the craft, tips it up,
and dumps Morton Koopa overboard.
“Glub!”  gurgles the turtle, struggling to stay
afloat.
Luigi grabs him by his slimy green tail
and flings  him ashore. Morton lands in a berry
bush with a thump.
A few seconds later, as the dazed turtle sits
up, Luigi is standing over him.
“Okay, okay,” grumbles Morton. He tosses a
ruby-tipped wand to the plumber. Then he
scurries away
“That was easy,” says Luigi. He tucks the
wand into one of-his overalls pockets and
bounces back to the palace.
Along the way, he passes a ledge with a clus-
ter of coins stacked on top. With one leap, he
grabs all seven shiny objects. “Bingo!” he
I
shouts. Then he goes on his way.
Soon he strides into the throne room, where

=== Step 48: Page 48 ===
Page 48

Wooster is still wailing about the evil that has
befallen his beloved king.
Solve this puzzle fur a clue about the wand:
l Study all the wands below carefully. Count
the number of stripes on each handle and the
number of points on each tip. Cross out every
wand that doesn’t have the same number of
points as stripes. The letters under the
remaining wands will give you a clue about the
wand Morton gave Luigi.
9 2
R
I
N
T
S
0
W
R
A
N
0
D
9 3

=== Step 49: Page 49 ===
Page 49

Whump!
Morton swings the canoe paddle
mightily and swats Luigi out of the air. The
plumber drops into the river. A few seconds
later, he rises to the surface and begins to float
away on his back. He’s out cold!
“Hmmm,” Morton says, bending over and
snatching Luigi’s green plumber’s cap. "If I cov-
er this in Koopa Klay, it’ll make a nice ashtray.”
Then he paddles away.
fl
" Princess  Toadstool,” calls Luigi. “Go out
there and make us proud!“,
“Aye, Captain,” replies the princess. She
salutes and heads to the starting line.
“One-two-three-four-go!” Feldspar.
Even though none of them were ready, the
athletes begin to climb the course. They swing,
crawl, and hop from  ledge to ledge. As they
approach the watery part of the obstacle
course, the princess is in second place, a few
yards behind Rocky Wrench.
“Hey, Angus. Let me give you a hand,” says
Roy Koopa. He sticks one foot in the giant tur-
tle’s path.
Angus trips and hurtles forward, sailing
over the other runners’ heads. He lands with a
tremendous belly flop in the water and lies
there, stunned. Huge waves churn the water
from the impact.
“Heh, heh,” Roy snickers. “I guess I gave

=== Step 50: Page 50 ===
Page 50

him a foot, instead.” He reaches the water in
first place and paddles past the giant turtle,
who is still motionless.
Close behind Rocky, Princess Toadstool
splashes by, battling the waves. She continues
through the water for a few yards-but then
she stops suddenly. Smiling, she returns to
Angus and pulls one plate from his enormous
armored shell. Using the panel as a surf-
board, she glides over the waves, zooms past
Rocky Wrench and reaches the far side of the
pool in seconds.
"Totally  gnarly!” she yells, as all surfers do.
The others paddle after her desperately, but
the princess’s lead is now too great. She climbs
the vines, hops onto a carpet, and sails grace-
fully over the finish line.
‘The winner!” shouts Feldspar, handing her
a tin first  place medal.
Proudly, Princess Toadstool marches back to
her teammates, who are cheering and waving
from the bench.
96
Luigi, Mario, Princess Toadstool and Toad
turn and head down the hallway They’re dis-
appointed, but still determined. Soon they
reach the large, round room where the flying
carpet is parked. They climb onto the brightly
colored tapestry.
“Hit it!” commands the princess.
Slowly, the carpet rises up through the open-
ing in the ceiling. As it floats higher into the
darkness, the carpet gains speed.
Soon they emerge from the great pipe’s
mouth, high above the surface of Water Land.
Sitting cross-legged on the carpet, they look
down and watch the rail-lifts  and water spouts
vanish in the distance. The carpet sails across
the border to the Mushroom Kingdom and
lands in the front yard of the palace.

=== Step 51: Page 51 ===
Page 51

Luigi makes a flying tackle. “Gotcha!” he
shouts. He grabs the turtle just before Morton
reaches the open window. Both of them tumble
to the throne room floor. Luigi rolls in one
direction, Morton tumbles in another, and the
ruby-tipped wand clatters toward the door.
The plumber and the turtle both scramble to
their feet. They eye each other, then the wand
and then each other again. Luigi lunges for
the wand first. He grabs it and rolls head over
heels to one corner of the room. “Hah!” he
shouts, and holds it up triumphantly.
Snarling, Morton turns and dives out the
window. Luigi races over. But it’s too late.
“Rats,” Luigi mutters as he stares out the
window. Morton is already  far away, slithering
through clumps of Piranha plants. The turtle
prince crosses the log bridge into Water Land,
hobbles over a wall, and vanishes.
“Well, at least I have this wand. I wonder
what it’s for?” Luigi says. He shrugs and shoves
!
it into one of the pockets of his green overalls.
He notices a few coins scattered across the
floor. Morton must have dropped them as he
scurried out the window. “I’ll keep these for
later,” Luigi says. “They should cover the cost
of a small cheese pizza.”
Just then, he hears the clatter of footsteps
coming down the hall. Mario, the princess, and
Toad burst into the throne room. What’s going
on? Did we miss anything?” asks Mario.
Where’s Morton?” gasps Toad.
Princess Toadstool marches into the room,
stepping over a broken flower pot and an
empty package of royal chocolates. Her tiny
pink shoes click furiously against the marble
floor. Reaching the royal red carpet, she stalks
up to the throne. “Where’s
Wooster?”
she
demands.
The chief mushroom assistant steps out
from behind the huge wooden throne.
“He-here, your Highness,” he stammers.

=== Step 52: Page 52 ===
Page 52

Luigi  steps out from  behind the crate. “Let’s
talk turkey, turtle,” he says.
“Hey!” Iggy bleats. ‘Who let you on board?”
“That’s not important,” Luigi says. “Right
now, the Mushroom Ring is a giant rabbit.”
"Tough!"  snaps Iggy. He gives the Doom Ship’s
steering wheel a swift spin. Then he scampers to
the railing and jumps. “Ta-ta,” he laughs.
Iggy’s white canvas backpack opens and a
small parachute pops out. The turtle drifts
through the clouds and disappears. Then the
ship begins to spin violently out of control.
"Yikes!"  Luigi lunges for the steering wheel.
But it’s too late. The boat flips sideways, then
upside down, then rightside up again. Luigi is
flung into the sky. He rockets downward as
the Doom Ship spins off into the distance.
100
Luigi dons the wings and grips his pogo stick
tightly with  both hands.
“Ahem.”  Feldspar clears his throat. “On
your mark, get set, jump!”
Luigi leaps onto the pogo stick and bounces
with all his might. He shoots straight up into
the air, flapping his wings.
"Yaaaiieee!"  he shrieks. He rockets over the
high bar, over the pipe, past the end of the
playing field and beyond.
“Look! He’s still going!” cries the princess.
Everyone gasps as Luigi streaks across the sky
and vanishes in the distance.
“I guess the pogo stick and the wings were
too powerful together,” says Mario. “He might
not land until next year.”
“Disqualified!” announces Feldspar.

=== Step 53: Page 53 ===
Page 53

"Mario  and I will defend our bucket,” Luigi
decides. “I want everyone else to charge down
that field and score!”
The game begins. The princess and Toad
scramble to the center of the diamond. Behind
them, Wooster drags the king, trying to make
him concentrate on the game. But the giant
rabbit is more interested in nibbling the grass
than in catching beetles.
With no help from their teammates, Toad
and the princess are unable to get hold of any
of the Hoopsters. There are just too many
monsters, punching and shoving each other,
trying to grab the beetles.
Cobrat slithers toward the Royals’ bucket
with a beetle in his fangs. “Sscore one for the
Ssneakss,” he hisses.
But Luigi bats the beetle away before Cobrat
can dunk it. Mario grabs Cobrat’s  tail and
whirls the snake over his head.“Back you go!”
1 0 2
shouts Mario, and flings Cobrat  back into the
center of the diamond.
Then Wendy and Roy Koopa charge at the
plumbers. Roy moves in ahead of his sister.
His hand is raised, as if he’s about to slam
something into the bucket.
“Drop that beetle!” shouts Mario, jumping in
front of the charging reptile.
But it turns out not to be a beetle. Roy is
clutching an orange paper bag filled with
banana peels, moldy bread and a lot of other
unidentifiable sticky, smelly garbage.
“Have some gross-eries!” snorts Roy Koopa.
He dumps the bag over Mario’s head.
While Mario wipes away egg shells and rotten
cheese, Wendy Koopa slips by him and Luigi.
She dunks a Hoopster into the Royals’ bucket.
Then Rocky Wrench and Angus Boomer race by.
They dunk their Hoopsters, too.
“Game over!” shouts Feldspar.
Tired, defeated and-in Mario’s case--
smelly, the Royals walk back to their bench.

=== Step 54: Page 54 ===
Page 54

" Alakazook!” Luigi shouts, dramatically wav-
ing the ruby wand. A bolt of blazing red light
flashes from the wand, and an explosion shakes
the room. A cloud of dense black smoke rolls
over the rabbit king, covering him completely.
“Achoo! Achoo! Ah-achoo!"
 Mario’s sneezing
is out of control.
Then, slowly, the smoke begins to clear A gi-
ant, eight-foot-tall rabbit stands next to Wooster.
“Hmmm,” Luigi says. He twists the wooden
wand handle between his fingers, studying it.
“It must be a one-way wand.”
The king lifts  a giant, furry paw, and starts
to scratch one of his enormous floppy white
ears. His golden crown rolls clanking across
the throne room floor. The scratching stirs up
a strong breeze in the throne room.
“What do we do now?” asks the princess in a
despairing voice. She holds on to her crown with
one hand to keep it from blowing off her head.
104
‘Maybe I should try the wand again,” sug-
gests Luigi.
“Don’t be a dumb plumber,” snaps Mario.
‘We’ve got to track down Morton Koopa and
make him change the king back.”
At that, the king stops scratching his ear.
The breeze dies down.
Mario tries to grab the wand from his broth-
er. But Luigi skips to one side. He likes being
in control for a change.
“Come on, Luigi,” Mario says, getting frus-
trated. “Either zap the king again, or let’s get
out of here.” He rubs his itchy, watery eyes.
“But hurry up-my allergies are killing me!”

=== Step 55: Page 55 ===
Page 55

Luigi heads into the tunnel that leads away
from  the room where the Doom Ship landed.
But before he travels far, he notices a small
hinged lid bolted to the floor of the corridor.
"Hmmmm,"  says Luigi, lifting it open. To his
delight, he finds a small compartment below
the floor, completely filled with coins.
“Jackpot!” he shouts, filling his pockets. ‘This
should cover the cost of a new left-handed
power monkey wrench!” Then  he flips the lid
shut and continues on his way down the hall.
Solve this puzzle to find  oat how many coins
Luigi  picks up:
l Choose any box with the letter A at the top.
Count the coins that are in that box. Write
down your total.
l Next, read the letter at the bottom of the
box. Choose a new box with that letter above
it. Add the coins in the new box to your total.
106
l Continue until you reach a box that has an
X at the bottom. When that happens, you’re
finished.  Luigi can’t collect any more coins.

=== Step 56: Page 56 ===
Page 56

Quickly, Luigi pulls out the frog suit from one
of his pockets and puts it on.
And just in time! The biggest Bloober sidles
up to the plumber and casually raises a rubbery
white tentacle. Pzzzztt!  A cloud of bluish-black
stuff squirts  out, swirling around Luigi's  head.
“Sleepy Ink!” Luigi cries. He raises his arm.
The slimy stuff slides harmlessly off the frog
suit’s everything-proof skin.
“Saved by my lightning reflexes,” Luigi says
proudly “Now, on to the next problem: how to
deal with these monsters? There’s only one
way I know of to get rid of squids.”
He smiles cunningly.  Then he hooks one fin-
ger on the right corner of his mouth and pulls as
hard as he can. With his other hand, he tugs at
his left ear, twisting his head into a very strange
shape. Next, he opens his eyes wide and stares
at the bobbing Bloobers, who are watching him
intently "Ooga-booga!"  he yells.
108
The slimy creatures panic. They swirl
around the pool in terror, bumping into each
other like soggy loaves of bread. Carefully
dodging the frantic Bloobers, Luigi swims up to
the edge of the pool and climbs out.
As the rubbery monsters swirl off to the far
end of the tank, one of the Bloobers drops
something.
Luigi jumps into the water and grabs the
object before it sinks to the bottom. It’s a shiny
metal pogo stick.
“Interesting,” says Luigi. He shakes the
water from the pogo stick and shoves it into
one of his larger pockets. “You never know
when this might come in handy.”
He climbs the ladder up to the hatch and out
of the room.

=== Step 57: Page 57 ===
Page 57

" That rotten Koopa turtle was here a few
minutes ago,” Luigi says. “He couldn’t have
gotten far. I’ll get that magic wand!” Without
waiting for a reply, Luigi dashes out of the
throne room, down the long main hall and out
into the kingdom.
Sure enough, Morton is nearby. Luigi spots
him by the bank of a stream just as the turtle
is climbing into a rusty metal canoe.
“Come back here, you fiend!” Luigi shouts,
dashing  towards Morton.
“Not on your life, plumber,” Morton snarls.
He begins to paddle away, down the winding
stream. Luigi dives into the water after  him.
110
" The first event is the obstacle course,”
squawks the penguin as horns blare. All heads
turn toward an area just north of the stadium.
The first third of the course is a series of
ledges, blocks and stairs. Some are made of
bricks, some are made of wood and others are
made of shiny metal. They’re packed close to-
gether in steep pyramids with sudden drop-offs.
Then a long, narrow waterway begins. Luigi
can see many nasty creatures swimming about
in the depths. As he gases over the pool, he spots
an electric jellyfish  bobbing on the surface.
At the far end of the water, several vines
climb high into the air, where a fleet of magic
carpets are parked. The last part of the course
is a flying race to the finish  line, with hungry
Muncher plants waiting eagerly below.
"Roy Koopa will be competing for the Koopa
team,” announces Feldspar.
A big, burly turtle in pink sunglasses steps

=== Step 58: Page 58 ===
Page 58

forward. “I hope Pm running against you,” he
growls to Mario as he trudges past. “I’ve still
got bruises from the last time we met. I’d like
to settle the score.”
Mario smiles, but says nothing.
“For the Hammer team: Angus Boomer!”
the penguin referee shouts. Some of the small-
er mushrooms in the stands shrink back ner-
vously as a huge shadow drifts  over them. An
enormous, armored turtle lumbers past.
“Rocky Wrench will run for the Sneaks,”
says Feldspar. A big rodent carrying a toolbox
hops by the Royals’ bench.
The princess wrinkles her nose. “That hand-
bag does not go with that outfit,” she says.
“Nice wrenches, though,” Mario comments.
“All right,” says Luigi. “I’ve given a lot of
thought to who should run this course for our
team, and I’ve made up my mind. . . .”
Solve this puzzle for a clue:
l Study the trails from the princess, Mario
and Luigi to the stadium. The only unbroken
trail that reaches the stadium belongs to the
person who should run the obstacle course.

=== Step 59: Page 59 ===
Page 59

" Better stay put for a while and see what
gives,” thinks Luigi. He remains hidden
behind the stack of wooden crates, peeking out
at Iggy Koopa every few minutes. The turtle
guides the Doom Ship by its wooden steering
wheel while humming a tune-badly.
The Doom Ship sails through the clouds for
what seems like hours, traveling deep into the
heart of Water Land. Suddenly the ship lurches
forward and heads straight down toward the
water.
“What’s happening?” Luigi blurts out as he
falls against the rail. He grips the Doom Ship’s
rail tightly and peeks over the side.
"Yikes!"  he cries. The bow of the ship is
about to smash into the water!
Solve this puzzle for a clue:
l Study this outline of the Doom Ship careful-
ly. Then read all the letters in the box that are
114
inside outlines that are exactly the same
shape. Those letters will help you decide what
Luigi should do next.

=== Step 60: Page 60 ===
Page 60

Luigi leaps over the high bar and dives
through the wide green pipe. But by the time
he reaches the third part of the jump, he’s
exhausted. He jumps as far as he can and hits
the ground at the 30-Mushroom-Meter
 mark.
“That’s not too bad a jump,” Luigi tells him-
self. Then he looks up  as Iggy Koopa sails high
over his head. The evil turtle uses a rocket-
powered booster and lands at the 160-
Mushroom-Meter
mark.
“Hee,  hee,” says Iggy, and walks back to the
Koopas’ bench.
Feldspar hands Luigi a chocolate, third
place medal and sends him back to his bench to
tally up the Royals’ final score.
116
As soon as Luigi and Toad cross the bridge
into Water Land, the trees and valleys of the
Mushroom Kingdom vanish. There’s water as
far as the eye can see, dotted with islands that
are linked by rickety wooden bridges.
In the Mushroom Kingdom, Luigi often has
to battle Koopa Troopas or Goomba mush-
rooms. There are none of those here. Instead,
the air is full of Cheep Cheeps-vicious flying
fish with crab-like claws.
“Look over there!” Toad cries excitedly As he
,
bats away a Cheep Cheep, he points to a small,
square object in the distance. It looks like a
box, floating on the water.
“Let’s check it out,” says Luigi. They head

off toward the odd, bobbing object.
As they travel deeper into Water Land, how-
ever, the bridges become less frequent. Luigi
and Toad must jump from one island to anoth-
er. After a while, the islands start to get far-
)

=== Step 61: Page 61 ===
Page 61

ther apart-and the Cheep Cheeps start to get
bigger. One of them zooms up to Toad.
“Ouch!” yelps the royal mushroom retainer,
when the owl-faced Cheep Cheep nips him on
the ear. "I can’t take this anymore.”
“Okay, little friend,” says Luigi. “You go
back to the others. I’ll be all right.”
Toad scrambles to safety,  and Luigi goes on
alone.
He jumps over a waterspout and dodges
a swarm of leaping Bloober squids. He also
picks up some coins that are scattered on a
small, sandy island. “Someone must have
dropped these before the Cheep Cheeps got
him," muses Luigi.
Soon the strange object is a few yards away
“It’s a boat,” Luigi observes. Tied to an island
is a houseboat. The water around it is black.
Bags of garbage bob everywhere.
“I do believe I detect the faint odor of Koopas
in the air,” says Luigi. He sniffs once. Then he
coughs. “On second thought, maybe it's  not so
faint,” he wheezes.
118
Luig i  decides to use the wand a second time.
“Alakazook!” he shouts.
Once again, a ruby light flashes from the
wand, followed by a cloud of red smoke. But
this time, the silence is torn by the sound of
splintering
glass.
“Eek!” shouts the princess.
“Aaaaiieee!” Toad shrieks in terror. He dash-
!
es through the open double doors and disap-
pears down the grand hallway, screaming.
Luigi looks up-then up, and up, and up!
The throne room is filled by a sixty-four-foot-
tall rabbit! His head has broken through the
crystal ceiling of the throne room. His floppy
ears look like two enormous white flags, wav-
ing high above the palace.
“He’s chewing on the royal chimney!”
Wooster wails. The chief mushroom assistant
1
jumps up and down between two of the king’s
humongous toes. “And look,” he shrieks, “the
3
,

=== Step 62: Page 62 ===
Page 62

royal carpets have been ruined!”
“Oops,” Luigi says. He drops the wand on
the ground. “Maybe I am the dumber plumber.
What a bummer.”
Then, the king begins to shift his weight
from one massive hind leg to the other. Slowly
he steps forward. Luigi looks up in time  to see
a massive fuzzy foot coming down upon him
and his friends.
“That’s a bigger bummer,” he sighs. . . .
Drip by Drip Scorecard
Circle each object as you collect it.
Keep track of your coins here:
Now, use this chart to find out your P.P.R. (Personal
Plumber Rating) for this adventure.
Just score 10 points for every coin
that Luigi has at the end of the
stay. Then look up your rating on
the chart.
Did you defeat Morton Koopa?
Did you swim with the B
Read the book again,
Monkey with a Wrench

=== Step 63: Page 63 ===
Page 63

Will the Super Mario Bros.
sort out the monster mix-up?
When King Bowser Koopa
unleashes his mega  monsters,
it’s up to the super plumbers,
Mario and Luigi, to stop him
before they get mixed up
in a new way!
All-new Super Mario Bros.
stories in which you
make the decisions!
NINTENDO
A D V E N T U R E  B O O K S  #3:
M O N S T E R  M I X - U P
Available in July 1991
From
Archway
Paperbacks
Published by Pocket Books
