Page 1

The Chaos Gate
by Josepha Sherman
book 4 of the Bard's Tale Series
copyright 1994
version 1.1 minor clean up
Chapter I Old Friends
Swords clashed together, the hard, clear sound cutting through the cool morning air, echoing off the
castle walls. Kevin, once merely a lowly bardling, now Count Kevin, Bard Kevin, struggled to keep the
upper hand, but the dark-clad, hooded figure he fought continued to drive him inexorably back across
the smooth cobbles of the courtyard. All around him, Kevin knew, various guards and servants were
keeping a bemused eye on their lord as they went about their work.
Wonderful. And all I seem to be doing is parrying and parrying again. He's just too inhumanly fast,
curse it!
All at once, though, his opponent stepped back and lowered his sword. "Not bad, Kevin. Not bad
at all."
"Not bad!" Kevin echoed wearily, brushing back damp reddish strands of hair from his face with his
free hand. "Naitachal, this is ridiculous. All we did just now was wear ourselves out. It wasn't working at
all!"
"Hush, now," the other murmured. "It was."
"Oh, nonsense."
"It was, I say." Naitachal pushed back his hood, shaking free a silky, silvery fall of hair, revealing a
dark-skinned, ageless, sharply planed face: the classic, coldly elegant face of a Dark Elf. Only the clear
blue eyes, bright with joyous life, proved that he, alone of all his kin, belonged to the Light. Slipping a
companionable arm around Kevins shoulders, the elf added softly, "We agreed that till we had hard
proof no one else should think this was anything other than a duel between friends."
"Well, yes, but—"
"And it was only a theory, after all."
"Yes, but..." Frustrated, Kevin let his voice trail off as a servant approached, and he wiped his blade
clean with a soft scrap of cloth the man offered him. This wasn't a war sword, of course, though for a
practice blade it was sharp enough; the White Elves never did anything by half measures. Still, Kevin
admitted, glancing down at the intricately woven guard, he never would have dared study advanced
swordplay at all if it hadn't been for this beautifully wrought gift of theirs. It very cleverly shielded his
precious hands, which, along with talent, were a musician's most important asset.
The practice blade, and its matching war blade, had come from the Moonspirit Clan in gratitude for
the kindness he had shown their deceased kinsman. Eliathanis, Kevin thought with a sudden sharp little
pang of sadness, remembering the proud, heroic, doomed elven warrior, then determinedly blocked the
past from his mind. It had, after all, been over four years since he and a mismatched little group of
adventurers, including Eliathanis, had set out to rescue a count's stolen niece and ended up defeating the
half-fairy, thoroughly evil, Princess Carlotta.
