Page 2

"Naitachal," he said suddenly, "this isn't all some sort of elven jest, is it? Do you really believe we
can turn my swordplay into a form of Bardic Magic?"
Naitachal shrugged. "Why not? It's not any stranger than a Dark Elf turning Bard!"
Kevin had to grin at that. Naitachal was most certainly the only one of his land ever to harbor a love
of music, let alone show a blazing talent for it. "Yes, but—"
"You're beginning to sound like a poorly trained parrot," the Dark Elf teased. '"Yes, but, yes, but.'
Why do you think Master Aidan let me come here?"
Kevin laughed outright. "Because you've been driving him mad."
"Oh, I have not!"
"Don't give me that look! I received a message from him a few months back all about you." The
message, conveying the Master Bard's wry tone beautifully, had told Kevin, "A fanatically determined elf
with equally phenomenal raw talent can learn a skill far more quickly and thoroughly than any mere, lowly
human. He's a full Bard now, just like you—and he's just as much of a let's go have an adventure'
nuisance!"
"Never mind. Kevin, we went over this before: Since swordplay has its own definite rhythm, and
since you are a Bard who has mastered the basic moves quite gracefully—for a human—you may very
well be creating a new form of Bardic Magic just by duelling. And it was working," Naitachal continued
seriously before Kevin could interrupt. "Something happened when you used the Maladan Maneuver."
Kevin raised a skeptical eyebrow. "Such as what?"
"Such as the fact that just for a moment I found you drawing me into a dancelike pattern I couldn't
help but finish. For that matter," the elf added thoughtfully, "at that same moment it was actually difficult to
look at you."
"That's because he's a human!" came a shrill taunt. "The ugly things are always tough to look at!"
Kevin glanced up at a small, sharp-faced figure, her glittery wings an iridescent blur as she hovered
just out of reach. By now, he knew better than to retort. These days Tich'ki might be the aide of
D'Krikas, the castle seneschal, but that rank had hardly dampened her quirky, nasty sense of humor. She
remained as fiery-tongued a little menace as ever; as far as Kevin knew, only the woman warrior, Lydia,
Tich'la's sometime travelling companion and now the castle's com-mander-in-chief, had ever managed to
get the last word.
"Not all of us have the elegance of a fairy," the Bard told the fairy with wry courtesy, and heard her
snicker.
"Or the nuisance factor," Naitachal added drily, brushing Tich'ki away as if she was a bothersome
insect. "Kevin, if you can do that sword-dance to an enemy, entrancing him into predictable moves..."
"I'd have him," Kevin finished, then shrugged. "It's a nice thought, but who knows? We're making up
the rules here, and—ah, now what?"
It was usually pleasant being a count; Kevin couldn't deny he enjoyed holding a noble title and
overseeing the running of a castle, particularly since in these four years he hadn't made any really bad
errors. People here seemed to truly like him. But there were times when he could almost wish he was a
nobody again, responsible for no one but himself. Folks were always after a count! If D'Krikas wasn't
cornering him to discuss in tedious detail this edict or that, it was Commander-in-Chief Lydia wanting him
to oversee the new guard's testing. Or maybe it was the castle baker, bypassing the seneschal to
complain directly to the count about the quality of wheat (arguing that since D'Krikas didn't eat bread,
D'Krikas could hardly understand the fine points of its baking), or the farrier worrying that the current
shipment of iron was underweight (even though D'Krikas could judge each ingot's weight to a
hairbreadth's accuracy), or—or—
Kevin bit back a frustrated sigh. First and foremost, he was a Bard, with the music burning in him,
aching to be used. But now that he'd finally earned that status, now that he'd mastered Bardic Magic,
there was barely enough free time in a day for him to keep his fingers nimble enough to play anything!
And now here came this messenger from the royal court—no. This road-weary man wasn't wearing
King Amber's livery. Puzzling over just who outfitted their servants in quartered blue and yellow, Kevin
watched Lydia, her decidedly female form nicely outlined by her just-this-side-of-tight leather armor, her
