Page 3

curly black hair barely restrained by a leather circlet, lead the man this way. The woman was a coolly
competent warrior, but she had her rough, bawdy side. And Kevin didn't like the mischievous glint he
saw in her dark eyes.
"That would be Count Trahern's livery," a dry, precise voice said suddenly. Kevin glanced back
over his shoulder to see a tall, never-human form towering over him, its shiny, chitinous green skin glinting
in the sunlight. D'Krikas, seneschal to Kevin and the two counts who'd preceded him, was Arachnia, not
human, totally honorable and as coolly logical and fastidious as all that race. "And that is most certainly
Count Trahern's coat-of-arrns on the man's breast," the being continued. "You do remember who Count
Trahern is?"
It was impossible to read expression in those glittering, segmented eyes, but Kevin frowned at the
touch of condescension in D'Krikas' voice: the Arachnia had a seemingly inexhaustible knowledge of
courtly detail— and expected the same of Kevin. "Of course," the Bard said shortly. "His lands lie due
north of here."
"Indeed. Now, let us see.... His messenger carries no parchments with him, nor do any of his
servants. Count Trahern has one child, a daughter. I believe her name is Gwenlyn, and she is of what
humans consider marriageable age. Therefore," D'Krikas decided, "the man has most likely come to this
castle with a miniature of that daughter, and most probably an offer of marriage."
Kevin groaned. "Not another one!"
Lydia had come close enough to hear that, and grinned widely at him. "That's it. Another lovely,
lonely lady languishing for your love."
Naitachal, eyes full of amusement, gave her a sweeping bow of appreciation. "Couldn't have said
that better myself."
Kevin glared at him. "I thought you were on my side."
The Dark Elf blinked innocently. "But I am! I think a bit of romance would be just the thing for you."
"A bit of romance!" Kevin squawked. "Naitachal, they're all trying to get me married!"
"Indeed." D'Krikas, segmented arms folded neatly, was the very image of propriety. "Have we not
been discussing this matter for some time?"
"Ohh yes." The seneschal had been insisting for days that it was high time Kevin found himself a
bride.
"Surely you see the need for such a thing?" D'Krikas asked in a voice that said he'd be a fool if he
didn't. "After all, you are a count. A count must have an heir, and as quickly as possible, to ensure the
succession and protect his people."
"I know, I know." For some time Kevin had been flooded by other miniature portraits of other
unmarried daughters. He might, the Bard thought cynically, be of humble origin, but there wasn't a
nobleman out there who didn't think this upstart young count, King's friend that he was, would make a
valuable political ally. "I understand the whole thing, believe me. It's just..."
"He's scared!" Tich'ki jibed from overhead. "Poor little boy doesn't know what to do. Wouldn't
even know what to do if a woman was plopped down in his bed!"
To his disgust, Kevin felt his face reddening. At nineteen he was hardly the innocent he'd once been,
but he had yet to learn how to keep his cursedly fair skin from betraying him. "I am not scared. I'm
merely—"
"Terrified!"
"No! I only meant that—"
"I'm right, he wouldn't know what to do! Woman had better bring a deck of cards to keep her
amused—"
"Enough, Tich'ki!" Kevin snapped, and heard Lydia chuckle. Furious at himself for getting so
flustered, Kevin snatched up the miniature the bewildered messenger was offering. Like all the others, the
small portrait was far too stylized to show the young count much: the usual perfectly oval face, the usual
perfectly groomed hair, dark and wavy in this case. Kevin was about to hand the miniature back with the
blandly polite refusal he'd perfected during the last deluge of miniatures, but to his surprise found himself
glancing down at it again. Funny, it really didn't tell him much, but there was something hinted at in the set
