Page 4

of those deep blue eyes that—
"You don't have to memorize it," Lydia teased. "No matter how hard you stare, it isn't going to
move."
"Naw, it's not that!" Tich'ki sneered. "He's too scared to think, that's all. Doesn't know which end is
which!"
"I said enough, Tich'ki!" Kevin snapped, glaring up, staring back down at the miniature, praying to
stop blushing. There really was something intriguing about the set of those blue eyes, but he could hardly
change his life because of a stylized portrait. He'd give it back and—
But just then Tich'ki drew in her breath for yet another taunt, and Kevin, to his shock, heard himself
blurt out, "All right, the Lady Gwenlyn it shall be!"
Oh curse it all to Darkness, what made me say that? What have I gotten myself into now?
Too late to back down. Everyone around him was cheering, and Lydia was slapping him joyfully on
his back. The messenger, face wreathed in smiles, bowed and bowed again.
"My master, Count Trahern, will be truly delighted, my Lord Count. As soon as I may, I shall return
to him with the joyous news. Oh, and a portrait of you, of course, Count Kevin."
"Of... course."
But Kevin couldn't help repeating in silent panic, What have I gotten myself into now?
As the days passed, Kevin found himself growing increasingly nervous. What had he done, what? A
betrothal was as good as a marriage, everyone knew that, and by making that stupid declaration he'd as
good as betrothed himself to—to whom? The Lady Gwenlyn? All he knew about her was that she was
Count Trahern's daughter, and he didn't even know anything much about Count Trahern!
Meanwhile, of course, castle life had to go on. He had to continue being Count Kevin. Even if it
meant being faced with the most awkward, embarrassing tasks. Like this one:
"Uh... Naitachal."
"I'm glad to see you remember my name," the Dark Elf said drily. He sat sprawled at his ease,
looking impossibly graceful even so, making Kevin feel very clumsy by comparison.
"Do you... have you any idea why I... uh... asked you to meet me here?"
Naitachal glanced about the private little audience room, with its one window overlooking empty
space and the bare stone walls that offered no hiding space for spies. "Offhand, I'd say you wanted to
discuss something in private." Irony dripped from the elegant voice.
"Uh... yes. You—you've been living among humans for four years now."
"So I have. Bracklin has proved most... interesting-"
"Interesting" was hardly the word Kevin would have applied to the quiet little backwater village that
was the home of Master Bard Aidan. But that very peace-fulness must have been wonderfully soothing
to a Dark Elf trying desperately to turn from the necromancy that had been all he'd known for untold
years to the magic of music instead. "I—I'm sure it has," Kevin said belatedly. "But I didn't mean to ask
you about that. Your people don't believe in—in love, do they?"
The bright blue eyes turned suddenly hard and cold. "You know that," Naitachal said flatly. "No
Nithathil, no Dark Elf, trusts another. No one of us dares. We come together only for mutual profit or
procreation."
Kevin winced. "Then human ways must still seem very strange to you."
The coldness faded. "After only these four years or so of living freely among your kind? Oh, yes.
Kevin, what is all this about? You didn't ask me here for lessons on Nithathili life." Naitachal paused,
studying the young count thoughtfully, and a slow smile formed on his lips. "So-o. Judging from the
embarrassed looks you're giving me, this has to do with those happy, silly games human men and women
love to play together: the not-quite-true flattery, the not-quite-true lust."
"You've been playing those games, too."
"Flirting, you mean? That is the term? Why, yes." Naitachal's teeth flashed in a quick grin. "The good
folk of Bracklin don't go in for such silliness. But the women here seem to enjoy it. And frankly, so do I.
It's such a novelty to try such a frivolous thing."
"Ah well, yes, but... it's not a matter of the—the games themselves, but—"
