Page 5

"But of whom I play them with? Yes? I thought that didn't matter with such frivolities."
"Well, no—yes—" Kevin floundered to a stop, all at once aware of the amusement flickering in the
elven eyes. "Naitachal..."
"I know, I know. Stay away from the married ladies. I'd already come to that conclusion after some
idiot man tried to challenge me for smiling at his fat little hen of a wife. And it's not fair of me to tease you,
not when you're being so earnest. Not," the elven Bard added delicately, "when you have your own
potential romance to concern you."
"Oh. That."
"The thought does frighten you, doesn't it?"
"Gods, yes!" The words burst out before Kevin could stop them. "I—I know I'll have to wed
sometime; that's part of the duties of a count, after all. B-but I never thought, not really, that I'd wind up
tying my life to a total stranger!"
"You're about to suggest something. What is it?"
Kevin licked suddenly dry lips. Leaning forward in his chair, he said, "I was playing with the idea
of—of going off, secretly, that is, to Count Trahern's castle, so I can meet the Lady Gwenlyn for myself."
He sat nervously back, watching Naitachal intently, half hoping the Dark Elf would talk him out of it. "So.
What do you think of that?"
To his shock, he saw Naitachal grin. "I like it. A most excellent suggestion."
"What—"
"What better way for you to get to know your lady than to appear on her very doorstep after a
weary journey to meet her? What young woman could refuse you after that? Why, it s the very essence
of romance!"
Romance, Kevin thought drily. He should have known better. Naitachal, of course, could never
have known romance, not with his harsh background, but now that he'd discovered the joys of flirtation,
his quicksilver elf mind must be full of fancies worthy of any lovesick minstrel.
"Don't you think," Kevin began warily, "that maybe we should think this over? It might be dangerous
to—"
Naitachal waved that off impatiently. "What danger could we possibly run into on a short trip
through civilized lands?"
"Ah—'we'?"
"You didn't think I'd miss a chance to see human courting behavior, did you?"
"There may not be any courting," Kevin reminded him between clenched teeth. "And isn't it going to
be risky for you?"
"As a Dark Elf, you mean?' Naitachal shrugged. "I've hidden my true identity from humans easily
enough before this with long sleeves and a hooded cloak. No insult meant, Kevin, but your folk really do
see only what they expect to see. So. When we leave, we can't let Lydia know what we're doing."
"Why not?"
"Do you really want to meet your lady fair surrounded by a battalion of armed guards?"
Kevin held up a hand in wry surrender. Lydia was an efficient commander-in-chief, all right, far
more efficient than Kevin could ever have predicted four years back when he'd appointed her. She had
most definitely taken her job to heart!
Ah well, Naitachal was probably right. What danger could there possibly be for two full Bards
trained in Bardic Magic? Besides... he really did want to see this Gwenlyn... find out what he was
facing....
"All right," Kevin said sharply before he could change his mind. "We need some good excuse. Ha, I
have it." Snatching a pen from an inkstand, he hunted for a scrap of parchment and began to write. "I'm
leaving a note claiming you and I are... mmm... going off into the surrounding forest to... to..."
"To practice music and Bardic Magic," Naitachal continued, and Kevin nodded eagerly.
"Exactly. To practice our Art without any distractions." He stopped short. "Oh, what a wonderful
thought that is."
Naitachal smiled softly. "No reason we can't include some music in our journey."
