Page 6

"No reason at all." Kevin bent over the parchment, scribbling hurriedly. "There. I'll just sign it, thus,
mark it with my seal, thus. A servant can deliver it to D'Krikas." Kevin grinned. "Shall we be off?"
Naitachal bowed extravagantly. "We shall, indeed. Come, my friend, romance awaits you."
"Uh... sure," Kevin said in sudden wild doubt, and followed.
Chapter II The Battle Is Joined
The young page stood frozen in horror, listening to the sounds of violence in disbelief, then turned to
run for help. But before he'd gotten more than a few steps, hands clamped down on his arms, dragging
him to a halt.
"Whoa, now," amused voices asked, "where do you think you're going in such a rush?"
"There—the sounds—battle—my Lord Trahern is being attacked, and Lady Gwenlyn is—" The
page broke off to stare at the squires who'd caught him, trying desperately to place them; pages didn't
associate much with squires, who were, after all, several years senior. A stocky towhead, a skinny,
brown-haired boy, a dark-haired, slender fellow: Ah, he had it! "Matt, Garin, Wellan—what are you
laughing at?"
"That's no enemy, you idiot!" said towheaded Matt. "That's His Lordship, yes, and Her Ladyship,
too, having at each other."
The page blinked. "A—a family quarrel? Is that all it is?"
"You new in this castle? You must be new if you
haven't heard them fighting before this. Those are two of the most hot-blooded stubborn folk you
could care to meet, and when they disagree—wheel"
"B-but they're noble!"
The squires laughed. "Does that mean they aren't allowed to get mad at each other?' brown-haired
Garin asked.
"Well, no, but..."
A crash made them all start. "Now what?" Wellan wondered, quickly brushing wild black hair out of
his eyes. "Have they started throwing things at each other?"
Matt shook his head. "Not a chance. Throwing things isn't their style. They are noble, as the kid here
says." The squire hesitated, listening. "Can't quite make out what they're saying. What do you think
they're fighting over this time?"
"Her betrothal," Wellan said with certainty. "What else could it be?"
"Her betrothal," Matt echoed with wonder. "Who would dare marry a fierce one like that?"
Garin shrugged. "Someone 'smitten by her charm,' as the minstrels put it. Hey, don't give me those
looks. Our Lady Gwenlyn may not be one of those pretty little perfect creatures the minstrels rave
about—"
"You mean, those perfectly brainless creatures," Wellan corrected drily. "One thing our Lady
Gwenlyn isn't is brainless."
"She sure isn't. And maybe she isn't a raging beauty, or whatever they call it, but Lady Gwenlyn isn't
exactly hard to look at, either."
"Besides," Matt added, "she's got a good heart underneath all that fire. A pretty clever wit, too."
"Right," Garin agreed. "Our Gwenlyn can manage to charm anyone she sets her mind to, and you all
know it."
"Huh. Anyone save her father," Matt muttered.
Angry voices still roared and rumbled in the background. Garin shrugged "Five to one her ladyship
wins this one," he said.
