Page 7

"This is ridiculous! Ridiculous, I say!" Count Trahern, tall and elegant and blazing with rage, was as
impressive as a great, handsome bird of prey.
Gwen—Lady Gwenlyn Mared Rhona Gwinerya— wasn't impressed. "Ridiculous, is it? This is my
future we're discussing, my life!"
"Don't be so melodramatic!"
"What do you expect of me? You've bargained away my entire future!"
Her father gave a great sigh, visibly struggling to calm himself. "You knew the day of your betrothal
would come eventually."
"Of course I did, curse it!"
"Gwenlyn!"
"After all," she forged on, "I'm nothing much, am I? Nothing but a girl. Why should I expect to have
any say in what happens to me? It's not as though I was actually worth something. Except as a pawn in
political games, of course. I'm just a—a—cursed bargaining chip!"
"Don't be a—"
"Don't try to deny it! We both know—"
"Stop this stupid self-pity right now!"
"It's not—"
"I said, stop it! Gwenlyn, I could have married again, I could have fathered another child—"
"I wish you had!" But then Gwen added, almost softly "I know you've been lonely since—since
Mother died. And I—I hate seeing you alone. It's been nearly twelve years, Father. I wish you would let
yourself find someone else to love."
She saw pain flicker in his dark eyes, but the count answered with cold dignity, "What I do or do
not do with my life is not your affair. I have no other child, and that is as it is. I raised you as my heir, I
gave you the best education. I even, curse me for a fool, encouraged you to use your brain."
"Yes. That's why—"
"Then use it!" he shouted. "I could have married you off to some doddering old idiot or a monster
who'd beat you every day. Instead, I go out of my way to arrange a fine match for you—"
Here we go again. "A fine match!" Gwen yelled back. "He's nothing but a boy!"
"Ha! That boy, as you call him, is a full year your senior."
"But he's a nobody," Gwen protested, "a commoner without one drop of noble blood."
"Let me remind you," her father countered, "that he is both a full Bard and a hero."
"Some hero," Gwen sniffed. "He was made count just because he happened to be in the right place
at the right time!"
"And knew what to do about it when that time came. And won royal favor, I might add. Gwenlyn,
like it or not, he is an important political figure. And I will not have you make us both look like idiots!"
"Idiots, is it? He's the fool if he thinks he'll marry me!"
With that, Gwen stormed off before her father could shape a suitable retort, hardly noticing the
squires she hurried past. But their whispers reached her: "A draw, by the gods, a true draw!"
Why, those little idiots were wagering on us!
For an instant she wavered, torn between raging at them and laughing at their nerve. But if she
stopped now, her father would almost certainly overtake her, and Gwen just did not have the heart to
continue the battle.
"We're always fighting these days, she thought wearily. Over politics, over castle affairs—even over
the state of the weather!
It hadn't always been like this. Gwen could barely remember her mother: twelve years was, after all,
a long time. But surely there had been peaceful days back then. She seemed to recall days when father
and mother and daughter were one harmonious, cheerful family. And even after, there had been times
when she and her father had laughed together more than they fought. Days when they weren't always
challenging each other. Days when they were happy. Her vision suddenly blurred, and Gwen fiercely
blinked and blinked again, refusing to weep.
7 don't want it to be like this! I don't want either of us to be unhappy, truly I don't. I try to be
