Page 8

properly meek and submissive, but I—I just can't be that way. Father, Father, I love you dearly, but if
this goes on much longer I swear one of us is going to kill the other!
How could she possibly escape this tangle? By forcing herself into a submissive mold, no matter
how much it hurt? Gwen snorted, refusing to lie to herself. As soon ask a hawk to turn into a dove! She
was never going to fit into the dull little niche society seemed to demand of a noblewoman. But what else
was there for her to do? Marry? Marry thaknobody?
Ha. He'd probably try to rule over me like a tyrant, the arrogant son of a—
"Bah!" Gwen said aloud and, heedless of her fine linen gown, threw herself down on her knees.
Every castle had its herb garden, ruled over by the castle lady, and she, perforce, ruled this one—and
spent a good deal of time taking out her frustration on it. Tossing her wild black mane impatiently back
over her shoulders, Gwen began savagely to pull weeds.
But slowly her fierceness faded. What was to become of her? A commoner could do pretty much
anything she dared. Gwen had even seen a few women warriors.
Oh, right. Some warrior I'd make. What would I do, terrorize enemies with my little belt knife?
No. A forced marriage or a cloistered life—there really weren't any other choices for a
noblewoman. There certainly wasn't any choice she could imagine that included... happiness.
Surrounded by greenery, Gwenlyn saw none of it. She sat staring instead at a future that looked all
too bleak.
* * *
"Oh no, my lord, oh no, my lord, I shall not marry thee. For I shall bed my bandit bold And live both
wild and free!"
Kevin and Naitachal, riding side by side through the forest, roared out that last stanza together, then
burst into laughter.
"Fortunate none of the courtiers heard that," Kevin gasped out, and Naitachal corrected:
"Fortunate Master Aidan didn't hear that!"
"Oh, yes!" Kevin agreed. "I can just see his scowls. Trying to prove Bardic Magic doesn't work on
the tone-deaf, are we?' But hey now, a Bard can't be elegant all the time!"
Naitachal grinned. "We just proved a Bard can't be in tune all the time, either! Lucky our horses
didn't throw us in indignation."
"Speaking of horses," Kevin added, patting the neck of his mount, "it's time to give them another
rest."
Naitachal slipped gracefully to the forest floor. "They earned one, listening to us."
Kevin followed, stretching stiff muscles. "There's nothing wrong with the occasional bawdy ballad,
and— what is it?"
The elf had been glancing warily about, alert as a predator. "Nothing," he said after a moment. "I
was just being cautious. Remember how Lydia would scout out escape routes every time we stopped?"
Kevin nodded. "I thought it was silly back then. Not any longer." He snapped lead ropes to the
halters the horses were wearing under their bridles, then looped the ropes securely about a tree near a
good stand of grass. "There. Graze a bit."
The journey so far had been more like one extended camping trip than anything else. Kevin paused,
realizing with a jolt of surprise that he never had had a chance to travel just for the joy of it. Now, alone
with a good friend and the chance for good music, the Bard could almost trick his mind into thinking this
was a light, ram-bling-for-the-sake-of-rambling trip.
Almost. If it wasn't for the nagging guilt he felt at up and abandoning the castle that had been given
into his charge—even if said castle could function quite well without him.
And if it wasn't for the quiet little fact that there was, indeed, a goal to this trip: a dark-haired,
keen-eyed potential bride to whom he just might have to tie his life forever—
Oh gods.
Naitachal had settled himself comfortably on a grassy knoll, fingers idly running over the strings of his
