Page 9

travelling harp, waking soft, sweet falls of notes. Kevin forced thoughts of What Might Be out of his mind
as best he could, and sat beside the elven Bard, taking his lute out of its protective case, tuning it with
what was by now unconscious ease. There weren't too many compositions for harp and lute, particularly
since the little travelling harp had no sharps or flats, but that hadn't stopped them so far. After a few false
starts, the two Bards improvised a cheerful, deceptively simple melody that sent a small shiver of delight
up Kevin's spine.
What of Gwenlyn, though? Did she like music? What if she was tone deaf? Worse, what if she
actually hated music and—and—
Kevin's fingers stumbled on the strings. 'Thinking about your intended?" Naitachal asked slyly.
'Trying not to. Naitachal, what do I do if I can't stand her? Or if she can't stand me?"
"Don't look at me for an answer! I'm hardly an expert on your human romances. Or on any of your
human ways, for that matter."
"I thought at Bracklin—"
"The folk of Bracklin accepted me because I was clearly a friend and student of Master Aidan, but
that didn't mean they took me into their confidences. Besides," the Dark Elf added with a grin, "I doubt
that the matters of commoners and nobles have all that much in common."
"But I'm not—I mean, I wasn't born noble, I don't understand how nobles think, either,
and—and—"
"Hush. From everything I've seen, Kevin, you're doing a fine job as count. And if this Gwenlyn
doesn't appreciate what she's getting," Naitachal continued, humor glinting in his blue eyes, "well then, she
doesn't deserve so fine a lad!"
"Huh." Studying his lute, Kevin said with forced lightness, "What do Dark Elves know about human
women, anyway? They're so wrapped up in their sinister plots they wouldn't know a pretty woman
from—"
"Stop."
Kevin glanced up in surprise at the chill tone. Naitachal's face had suddenly gone cold and still. "Do
not jest about them," the Dark Elf warned quietly. "The Nithathili are still my kin. And they hate me for
escaping what they saw as my destiny as a Necromancer— and for denying them my share of Dark
Power."
"They... aren't hunting you, are they?"
Naitachal shrugged slightly. "Not yet. Not as far as I know. But who knows what may happen? In
their eyes, particularly those of my own clan, I am the worst kind of traitor, one who has willingly turned
from the Darkness they worship to the Light. If they ever should choose to hunt me, if they should catch
me..."
He shrugged again, eyes so bleak and empty that Kevin shuddered, remembering with a shock, this
is the sorcerer who could age a man to instant death with a touch, just for a moment not at all sure that
Naitachal had quite banished all traces of Necromantic magic. "Well, then," the young count said with all
the defiance he could muster, "we won't let them catch you!"
To his relief, he heard Naitachal chuckle and saw life come back in to the blue eyes. "Thank you, oh
great and mighty hero." The elf got to his feet, slipping his harp back into its protective covering. "So
now, our horses look rested enough. Come, let's continue our ride."
Kevin scrambled up. "Ah, wait, I have a thought. We're pretty well travel-stained by now."
"True," Naitachal agreed with a fastidious sniff. "And we reek of horse. I trust your lady will have
enough patience to let us clean ourselves up a bit before you start your wooing."
"She's not my lady. And you're missing my point."
"Which is?"
"We were planning to arrive at Count Trahern's castle as Count Kevin and Bard Naitachal."
Naitachal raised a wry brow. "Which, I take it, we're not going to be any longer?"
"No. I've changed my mind about that. If I meet Lady Gwenlyn as a count, as her—uh—her
betrothed-to-be, we're not going to be able to be honest with each other. We'll be forced to play the
roles noble society insists upon: polite, formal and totally artificial. But I—I want a chance to judge her
