Page 10

honestly, and to let her judge me, without rank getting in the way."
"I don't think I like the sound of this."
"Wait, hear me out. We won't enter Count Trahern's castle as nobles, but as common musicians,
wandering minstrels, the sort of folk who are usually welcome anywhere but who aren't really noticed
unless they're actually performing."
"And you think your lady won't notice you until you want her to notice you." The Dark Elf s voice
was carefully empty of emotion. "So you'll have a chance to watch her without any artifices getting in the
way."
"She's not my lady. And yes, that's exactly it."
"I'm not too sure about this. If—"
"It'll be easy!" Kevin interrupted hastily. "We've done enough successful role-playing when we were
out trying to rescue poor Charina."
Humor flashed in Naitachals eyes. "Indeed. I seem to remember that you made quite a fetching
dancing girl."
Kevin shuddered. "Uh, well, we did what we had to do. We won't have to do anything as drastic as
that this time around."
"Count Trahern has never actually met you, has he?"
"He's never even seen me. Except, of course, for that stupid, stylized miniature his servant insisted
on taking. And as for you... well... you aren't the easiest person to ignore," Kevin said tactfully, "but...
ah..."
"But four years isn't enough time for everyone to have heard of the oddity, the Dark Elf who's turned
Bard," Naitachal finished blandly. "The one who was the companion of Kevin, the hero Bard. True
enough. Our clothes look tired enough to be credible as minstrels' wear, and it's simple enough for me to
hide what I am with a hooded cloak and a long-sleeved tunic. But how are you going to explain away our
swords and these fine-blooded horses?"
Kevin grinned. "That's easy. They're the gifts of grateful patrons. You see? It'll all be just as easy."
Naitachal shook his head. "You make it all sound so simple. But I think you're missing an important
point: starting off a relationship by pretense just doesn't seem wise to me."
"It's not pretense, not really. And there may not be any relationship unless I get that chance to know
Lady Gwenlyn fairly."
"Fairly," the Dark Elf echoed.
"Oh, come now, Naitachal! It's only a small deceit, a very small deceit. And... well... things will turn
out fine, you'll see."
"You hope," Naitachal said drily, and swung into the saddle.
Chapter III In The Realm Of Darkness
The cavern was dark and chill, far below the world's surface as it was, lit here and there with the
dim, smokeless, sorcerous blue flames that were all the light the Dark Elves, the Nithathili, needed. No
ornaments marred the smoothness of the stone walls, no noise marred the heavy quiet. Servants moved
with silent, careful grace through the dimness like so many black-robed shadows. These were men and
women of the lowest castes, coldly beautiful as their betters but expendable, subject to regal whim or
sacrifice. They glanced warily at the regal figure slumped on the obsidian throne as they passed him,
sensing the dark waves of his thoughts, not daring to disturb him, not daring to do anything at all that
might rouse his interest in them.
Another had no such fears. Tanarchal strode boldly forward, black cloak swirling dramatically about
