Page 11

him. He stopped at the proper Distance of Respect, which was technically just out of reach of thrown
weapon or spell, and granted the enthroned figure the Ninefold Dignities bow, not quite showing respect,
not quite showing contempt. "Greetings, my Lord Haralachan."
Haralachan, lord of the Nightblood Clan, was tall, ageless and elegant in a hard-edged, chill,
predatory way, as all his kin. His skin was dark as his silky robes, his hair a startling mass of silver; his
sharply slanted blue eyes, fully adapted to the darkness, glinted with reddish light. He did not stir at
Tanarchal's greeting; to have straightened would have shown too much respect to this arrogant creature.
This ambitious creature, Haralachan thought. Walk warily, Tanarchal.
Tanarchal showed no such inclination. "My lord, I was wondering when you were planning to hold a
new hunt."
"When it pleases me," Haralachan murmured.
"Ah, of course. But I—and I speak for many of the clan in this—I was wondering when one specific
hunt would be held. A hunt for the traitor, for Naitachal."
Haralachan betrayed nothing of his inner start. 'That will come."
"But when, my lord? You are far too wise and cunning to let the traitor escape vengeance. Your
kinsman," Tanarchal added delicately, "though he is."
Now Haralachan did straighten on his obsidian throne, casting chill waves of menace at the
nobleman, seeing him flinch ever so slightly. "Vengeance will be taken," the Dark Elf lord said flatly. "Do
you doubt me?'
"I? Not I, my lord." But the glint in the slanted eyes said otherwise, and Haralachan added coolly,
"Do you not? Do you not, indeed?"
"My lord?"
Haralachan rose, drawing Power about him in a swirl of Darkness. "Do you challenge me,
Tanarchal? Do you dare?"
He felt the other give way before the display of greater Power. "No, my lord," Tanarchal murmured,
and it wasn't quite a snarl. "Of course not."
"Wise." Haralachan settled back in his throne. "Be assured that treason shall be punished. All
treason, Tanarchal."
Tanarchal's bow of submission was perfect and precise. "Of course, my lord. I never did doubt it."
But as he left, the nobleman added one final sally: "And may the day of vengeance come soon."
Haralachan slumped, losing himself in brooding once more, only vaguely aware of the wary servants.
No, they were nothing, hardly worth a thought. Even Tanarchal was barely of importance; he could
always meet with a quiet accident should the need arise, or be tricked into outright treason. It was the
true traitor who held Haralachan's attention once more, the traitor Naitachal, he who had been of such a
high caste that treason—particularly of such a disgusting, formerly unthinkable form—had seemed
impossible. After all, had any Nithathil ever considered, even for the slightest moment of softness, turning
from the Darkness that was his proper heritage?
There was worse than the existence of a traitor, Haralachan thought bitterly. As Tanarchal had so
graciously reminded him, as many a Nithathili nobleman had been reminding him all along—as if he'd ever
thought to forget—Naitachal was his clansman, his kinsman. To be kin to such a one was to come
perilously close to weakness. While Tanarchal had, of course, not dared risk a challenge, knowing
Haralachan to be so much the more Powerful, he'd issued a very clear warning: even the mightiest of
lords could be overthrown were that treacherous kinsman not punished.
Always assuming, of course, that the traitor could actually be located and captured. In all the days
since the betrayal of his people, not one trace of Naitachal had been found.
Haralachan straightened with a hiss. Enough of this useless brooding! "You."
His hand stabbed out at one servant. The chosen one froze in such wide-eyed, total terror that for a
cruelly delicious moment the Dark Elf lord toyed with the thought of saving this one for the hunt.
No. Not yet. First let the creature serve a more current use as messenger. "Bring Rualath to me."
No Nithathil trusted another; such a weakness as trust was the essence of stupidity. B ut of course
as clan lord he had his consort: Rualath, chosen as much for her sorceries as for her caste—almost as
