Page 12

high as his own—and her potential fertility, so important in a predominantly infertile race. Rualath
specialized in strange, experimental magics. Sometimes they failed in most bizarre ways, but just as often
those magics resulted in new, deliciously twisted forms of Power: Power which of course she shared with
her lord in exchange for the political pride of place he deigned give her.
The servant cringed even further. "B-but, lord, your lady consort is in the midst of her sorceries...."
Aaah, yes, this one would make fine hunting prey. "I have given a command," Haralachan said with
deceptive mildness. "Obey it."
Slumped on his obsidian throne, he watched with half-lidded, predatory eyes as the terrified servant
scurried to obey.
The room was small and dank, further below the surface even than the audience cavern; the thin
drafts of air that stole their way within smelled strongly of ancient rock and older sorceries. There were
no furnishings save for heavy, unornamented chests full of sorcerous scrolls and artifacts, sealed tightly
against damp and possible spies. The only light was cast by three dull red flames from candles of black
wax set in a carefully spaced triangle on the bare stone floor.
Tall and coldly lovely, Rualath stood precisely in the center of the triangle, her dark skin and robes a
darker mass in the dimness, her long, straight fall of silver hair tinged as red as her eyes by the candle
flames; she smiled thinly in satisfaction. Before her, a book lay open to a page marked in convoluted
sorcerous equations in her own handwriting, and a little ground squirrel squealed in terror in her hand as
she stroked it absently.
Yes, and yes... the spell had all the ingredients it needed, or so her experiments had revealed so far,
all the ingredients save one, and the small creature she held would provide that.
Rualath took a deep, steadying breath, cold blue eyes shutting for a moment as she focused her
Power, then began her chant. The twisting, ugly syllables whispered and echoed through the chamber as
the magic grew... grew. Without slowing her chant, she drew a knife of black obsidian, caught the
squirrel in a firmer grip and—
"My lady! My lady Rualath!"
Her concentration shattered. The channelled magic spilled away and was lost. The squirrel twisted in
her hand, sinking sharp little fangs into her thumb, and Rualath snarled in frustration, hurling the animal
aside so hard it broke against a wall. She whirled on the servant, who sank to his knees in abject
surrender.
"What? Speak, fool, or you take that beast's place now! What do you want?"
Head bent to the stone floor, not daring to so much as look up at her fury, the servant stammered
out, "Th-the Lord Haralachan bids you c-come to him."
Rualath glanced about her sorcery room impatiently. That he should call her now, when he knew she
was in the midst of her experiments, and call her as if she was some erring subject! And yet, and yet.,.
was this, she wondered warily, a trap? Rualath never considered that he might have tired of her; there
had never been anything like the soft stupidity of love (she thought the word with distaste) between them.
No, no, just as Haralachan needed her sorceries, so much greater in their way than his own, so he had
his uses. Power, Rualath thought, and for once didn't mean sorcerous strength.
Ah well. Haralachan's summons was inconvenient at best and a marginal insult at worst, but she
would answer his summons for the sake of that power. With a glance at the shuddering servant to fix his
face in her mind for future use (how much stronger the life force of even such an inferior Nithathil than a
mere animal), Rualath swept from the chamber, which neatly locked and sealed itself away as she left.
The corridors of the Nightblood Clan realm were as blank of any wasteful ornamentation as the audience
cavern, barely lighted since any who belonged here knew every trap and every safe way. Any who did
not—such fools never regretted their mistakes for long.
Rualath entered the audience cavern with every sorcerous sense alert.
There sat Haralachan on his black throne. Her own throne, ever so slightly smaller, stood empty
beside it. As Rualath entered, feeling his wary sorcery sweeping over her, hunting for spells,
weapons—even as she, equally wary, was doing the same to him—he gestured to her to sit. So. He had
no intention of replacing her. If he had, another would have already held that seat. Rualath sank with
