Page 13

conscious grace to die smooth, cold hardness of the obsidian, smoothing her skirts about her slender
form. "What troubles you, my lord?"
"Thoughts of a traitor."
"Ah?"
"One particular traitor." Haralachan paused deliberately, then continued, "One who is-—was—of
our clan, our caste."
"So... Naitachal."
"Naitachal."
Rualath smiled without humor. The nobles have been after you again, my lord, have they? "A waste,
that. He had shown signs of being one of the mightiest Necromancers our clan had ever known."
Haralachan glared at her, eyes like blue ice. "More than a waste! Do you not realize what his loss
means to us? With all that Power at his call, he willfully betrayed us, his blood-kin, his people! He
deprived us of that Power and the chance to use it against the humans and those soft, light-loving White
Elves."
"Yes. There is that, of course." Rualath winced delicately in distaste. "Why did he do it?" she
wondered softly. "What appeal could the weak, garish light possibly hold for him? And this... music." She
used the human word, since the Dark Elves had no word for something that was unknown to them; they
alone of all the elven folk had no music. "How could he take pleasure, and to such an unseemly extent,
in—in mere sound?'
"You wander from the track." Haralachan's voice was chill. "He betrayed us. He stole Power from
us. He turned from his clan and honor to the soft, foolish forces of light—and by all the Ways of
Darkness, we must see that he pays for his treason."
"Oh, indeed. But how?" Rualath paused, considering. "Naitachal is skilled enough in magic to have
kept us from tracking his aura all this while, and by now it has become hopelessly entangled with that of
the humans with whom he consorts."
"That," Haralachan said coldly, "is your concern. Your sorceries are stronger than his." He glanced
her way, elegant silver brow raised. "They are, are they not?"
Rualath met that suddenly speculative glance with a firm, chilly stare. "Of course they are. What
would you have me do?"
"Snare him, bring him to us, I care not how. Only do it."
Oh, so easily said, my dear lord, Rualath told him silently. As if you didn't know I have already tried,
and failed, to catch the traitor. Yes, my lord, snap your fingers and watch the trained animal run through
its paces. If I did not need you, my lord...
But she did, for now. The nobles would follow Haralachan till they found some weakness in him.
And neither they nor she had found that weakness yet, so: "I accept the challenge, my lord," Rualath said,
carefully putting into her voice not the servant's humility but the hunter's eagerness. "I shall bring Naitachal
before you."
Oh, yes. I shall. Somehow.
Chapter IV Minstrels
"Pacing back and forth within a confined space seems an odd means of relieving tension to me."
Lydia stopped short at D'Krikas' quiet words, turning to glare at the seneschal where the Arachnia
sat neatly folded behind his desk. It was often difficult to tell from that dry, clipped voice whether or not
D'Krikas was being sarcastic, but those insectlike eyes were blinking in what was very obviously false
innocence. "Where are they?" she snarled.
