Page 14

"To whom do you refer?" D'Krikas asked with infu-riatingly precise Arachnia logic. "Do you mean
Count Kevin and the elven Bard?"
Lydia just barely kept from spitting out a sarcastic, No, I mean the Two Lost Kings of the Western
Empire. "Of course I mean Kevin and Naitachal, blast it! Where are they?"
The Arachnia paused to choose a sugar cube from the small bowl on his desk and pop it into his
beaked mouth. Lydia knew his land needed to eat frequently, but that didn't make waiting for him to
finish his deliberate munching any easier. At last D'Krikas swallowed,
wiped his beak delicately with a scrap of cloth, and said, "We have their note."
"Yeah, sure. We've gone off into the forest to practice our Bardic Art.' That tells us a lot, doesn't it?"
"It tells us everything." D'Krikas paused again, folding his segmented arms precisely across his
chitinous chest. 'The creative mind is an odd thing; particularly, it would seem, in a human. Such a mind
cannot thrive under close confinement And it is quite true that Count Kevin has had scant time to be what
he primarily is: a Bard."
"And you aren't even a little bit worried?"
"Why, no. He is not in enemy territory, after all, nor is he alone."
"Sure," Lydia said flatly. "He has Naitachal with him. Now that really fills me with confidence!"
D'Krikas cocked his head to one side in the sharp Arachnia fashion that meant surprise but always
reminded Lydia of a predatory insect about to pounce. As she schooled herself not to flinch, the
seneschal asked in what sounded like genuine confusion, "Why should it not? The elf is no longer a
Necromancer."
'That's exactly my point! At least while he was practicing that cursed death magic, he kept himself
rigidly under control. Maybe you couldn't quite trust him not to work Necromantic spells, but at least he
acted like a responsible adult! Now that he's turned into a Bard, he's gotten just as unpredictable as
Kevin."
"Ah. No. You misunderstand. The elf is acting like one newly released from prison, drunk with
freedom. It is a temporary condition and does not make him untrustworthy. And at any rate," D'Krikas
added severely, "Count Kevin is no longer a child in need of care."
"Why, that's ridiculous. He's still just a kid."
"He is nineteen. In human society, that makes him quite legally responsible for his actions, does it
not?"
Lydia hesitated, then sighed. "You know it does," she admitted reluctantly, brushing a straying black
curl back from her face with an impatient hand. "And yeah, I guess you're right. He doesn't really need
watching over, not anymore. He and Naitachal are probably off in some nice, pretty grove playing nice,
pretty music together."
"Exactly. They will surely be back in a short while. And then," D'Krikas added with the slightest
edge to his voice, "it will be time for worry, for then we shall have to listen to whatever new songs they
have composed."
Lydia, who had heard in her travels some of the atonal dronings the Arachnia considered the only
proper music, barely managed to bite back a laugh. "You got it," she said.
But for all her amusement, for all D'Krikas' inhuman calm, a shadow of worry remained to haunt her.
Kevin craned his head back and back again, looking up at the grim grey walls towering over him on
the equally grey rocks. "Now that," he said, "is most definitely a war castle."
"Oh, indeed," Naitachal agreed. "Count Trahern s ancestors must have led some interesting lives.
But times are far more peaceable these days, the lost, unlamented Princess Carlotta notwithstanding. Are
we still going to keep up this ridiculous pretense?"
Kevin shot a glance Naitachal's way. The Dark Elf was completely shrouded in his cloak, only the
harp slung across his back breaking the somber, anonymous mass. "We are, indeed. Unless, of course,
you'd rather not continue with me?"
"What, and give up the entertainment business?"
Ignoring Naitachal s sarcasm, Kevin kicked his horse forward and started up the twisting road to
Count Trahern's castle.
