Page 15

And, he thought uneasily, to Gwenlyn.
Now, where were minstrels supposed to enter? At his own court, he gave wandering musicians a
friendly greeting, being a Bard himself. But who knew how Count Trahern felt about such folk? For want
of an answer, Kevin rode right up to the main gate, a massive thing of heavy oak beams and heavier iron
grating. Beside him sat Naitachal. The Dark Elf had slipped into the role of a hunched-over, submissive
nobody with the ease, Kevin thought bemusedly, of someone who'd once managed to fool an entire
squadron of guards into thinking him no more than a harmless dancing girl.
Two great watchtowers loomed over the gate, and the young count glanced up, suddenly very much
aware of watching eyes. So. Here we go. "Ho, the castle!" he yelled.
"Who calls?"
"Two minstrels," Kevin began, "who—"
But before he could get any further, the unseen guard s voice cut in flatly. "Servants' entrance is
around back that way. Use it"
Kevin sat gape-mouthed, taken aback by the unexpected rudeness. Beside him, Naitachal
murmured, "This was your idea." Such amusement hinted in the elven Bard's voice that Kevin said
shortly, "It's all right. A little humility isn't going to hurt us."
"Oh, indeed."
But as they rode along the curve of the castle towers, Kevin couldn't quite quench a hot little flame
of anger, remembering all too clearly another time when he'd ridden just as boldly up to a castle, only to
be humbled just as thoroughly. Ah yes, but back then he'd been truly naive, those four incredible years
ago, back when becoming a Bard was only a dream and he'd never imagined such folk as warrior
women or Dark Elf allies could exist. He'd been plain Kevin in those days, a lowly bardling sent on what
he'd thought was a boring errand to copy out a musty old music text.
Ha! Boring was the last thing that errand turned out to be. What with sorcery and undead and—
"Kevin."
"Ah." Lost in memory, he had almost ridden right past the servants' gate. Standing in the stirrups, the
count rapped sharply on the thick oaken door. "Anyone within?"
"Who's there?"' The voice sounded thoroughly bored, as though, Kevin thought uneasily, its owner
might bar strangers from entry just for the sake of something to do.
I don't need this. I just want to meet Gwenlyn and get it over with. I don't need anyone playing
games with me. 'Two minstrels," Kevin answered as pleasantly as he could, "come to entertain Count
Trahern and his folk."
'Why?"
That was the last thing he'd expected. "I... uh... I..."
Was that a chuckle from Naitachal? The Dark Elf wasn't making the slightest move to help him at all,
so Kevin said defensively, "Why, because we're good at what we do! We are—we are fine musicians
and talented entertainers. And I assure you, Count Trahern will enjoy meeting us."
'True enough, that last," Naitachal murmured wryly, so softly Kevin almost couldn't hear him. "Even
if it's for different reasons than you claim."
"We've had musicians here in plenty," the voice continued from the other side of the door, "some
good, some not. Lady Gwenlyn loves music, and so does her noble father."
Well now, that sounded hopeful enough. But before Kevin could reply to that, the voice added
scornfully, "So why do we need you?"
Oh, this is ridiculous! "Because, curse it all, we're not like other minstrels—"
"Clowns, are you?"
"No!" Naitachal was definitely chuckling now, and Kevin only just kept from childishly kicking the
door—-or the Dark Elf. "We," he said with great restraint, "are true musicians, not mountebanks, not
street corner entertainers, and as such are covered by the Laws of Hospitality." Kevin was aware he was
bluffing wildly now, but hopefully the guard on the other side of the door knew even less than he about
archaic points of law. "If you wish to examine us, fine. If you wish to hold our weapons for security, fine.
Just let us enter!"
