Page 16

There was a long pause. Then the door slowly groaned open. "Enter," the bored voice said as
though doing them a favor. Kevin bit back a sharp retort, knowing all too well why the unseen guard had
let them in. It hadn't been because Kevin had convinced him of anything, but simply because the guard
had gotten tired of his game.
Never mind, never mind. We're inside, and that's all that matters.
Kevin glanced quickly about the castle courtyard, trying to orient himself. The yard, like that of his
own castle, was full of people, stablehands, farriers, merchants, servants rushing here and there on
mysterious errands. Not all were human; Kevin spotted two Arachnia traders chirring and clicking to
each other in their native tongue as they strolled along.
Huh. Bet they didn't have any trouble getting in.
At the far end of the courtyard rose the massive keep, square-sided and several stories high, topped
by lead sheathing. This building would surely hold the audience chamber and Count Trahern s private
living quarters. And those of Gwenlyn...
"That's what we want," Kevin told Naitachal and dismounted, tossing the reins to a stable lad.
Suddenly overwhelmed by the need for this whole business to be over, he strode fiercely forward—
"Hey! Watch it!" a woman's voice snapped. Kevin, caught off balance, staggered on one foot for a
moment, struggling not to fall. "Look out, you clumsy oaf!" the woman shrilled. "You're stepping all over
them!"
With a wild, graceless lunge, he finally recovered his footing and glanced down to find himself
standing in the middle of an herb garden, some of the tender green sprouts crushed under his boots.
Ayoungwoman in the worn, plain, comfortable clothes of a gardener was kneeling to one side, trowel in
hand. She was no great beauty: her face was red from work and sun and streaked with dirt, unkempt
strands of hair were straggling out from beneath the faded blue scarf covering her head—
And she was glaring up at him with undisguised rage. Embarrassed, Kevin began, "I'm sorry—
"You should be sorry, you lout!"
It was bad enough to lose dignity in a fight with a gatekeeper. He was not going to let a—a common
gardener yell at him like this. "It was an accident," Kevin said carefully. "Besides, these are just plants,
and—"
"Hmph." Studiously ignoring him, she tried to straighten the seedlings he'd crushed. To his surprise,
Kevin found himself staring at her hands. These weren't the elegant white fingers of a lady who'd
never done a stitch of work in her life, but underneath all the dirt they were charmingly graceful and
amazingly gentle—
Far gentler than her tongue. "'Just plants,'" she muttered. "Say they're just plants' when you've got a
wound that won't heal and there isn't any comfrey to soothe it because some stupid idiot of a—" She
glanced sharply up at him again, blatantly disapproving of his travel-stained, rumpled self— "Of a
whatever you are—"
"A minstrel."
"Good for you. It took me weeks to get some of these seedlings started, and here you come along
and—"
"For the last time," Kevin snapped, "it was an accident. If you'd put a fence around the whole thing,
this wouldn't have happened!"
"Hah! You'd probably have fallen over it!" Her eyes were the most astonishing shade, the exact
indigo he'd seen in summer thunderclouds. Gwenlyn's eyes were blue, too, at least according to the
stylized miniature that had started this mess, but they couldn't possibly be this wild, this fierce....
"What are you staring at?" the young woman snarled, and her eyes lost all their appeal for him. "Go
on, get out of here!"
"Gladly!" Gods, what sort of place was this? Were all the servants in the castle this obnoxious? And
if so, what oh what could the count and his daughter be like?
"If you've finished arguing with the help," Naitachal murmured smoothly, suddenly at his side, "follow
me. I've arranged lodging for us. Tonight we are to sing before the count and his court."
"Wonderful," Kevin muttered.
