Page 17

"There's still time to give up this masquerade." "No!"
The dining hall was as crowded as his own, lined with rows of trestle tables covered with white linen
and set with bowls and ewers of dully gleaming pewter and brighter silver. Not ostentatiously wealthy,
Kevin thought, but wealthy. Fresh rushes rustled underfoot, giving off a clean, herbal scent as he and
Naitachal, the elven Bard still so shrouded in his cloak and long-sleeved tunic none of his telltale dark
skin could be seen, wormed their way through to a place at one of the lower tables. Sharing the table
with them was a mixed lot of servants, merchants and entertainers, one of whom kept nervously juggling
whatever bits of bread came his way and dropping most of them.
"I hope no one lets him too near any knives," Naitachal murmured wryly.
Kevin hardly noticed. He was too intent on staring at the two blue-canopied chairs there at the far
end of the hall. "Where are they?" he asked uneasily.
"Where's who?" a red-bearded servant sitting to his left asked without much interest "Ah, you mean
Count Trahern and his daughter! They'll be here shortly, never fear." He looked Kevin up and down.
"You a minstrel, huh? Don't worry. You'E get fed proper before you have to perform." A blare of
trumpets broke into the last of his words, and the servant glanced casually up, adding, "See? Here they
come now."
Kevin looked, looked again, and nearly shot to his feet in shock. Only Naitachal's hand clamping
firmly about his wrist kept him in his seat, staring wildly at the two elegant figures who'd entered. Count
Trahern was a tall, lean, handsome man in his richly blue, gold-embroidered robes, his glossy black hair
and beard dramatically touched by grey. He looked every bit the sort of man about whom ballads should
be sung.
But Kevin gave him only one cursory glance. For at the count's side sat a slender, dark-haired
young woman, her sleek, silky gown as deeply blue as the count s robes, a woman with the most
incredible indigo eyes, visible even at this distance, a woman who—
"Dear gods," Kevin breathed.
Naitachal glanced his way. "What's wrong?"
But Kevin could do nothing but shake his head in silent, dazed disbelief. Though her clean-scrubbed
face no longer showed the slightest streak of dirt, though her black hair now flowed smoothly down her
back, that finely dressed young woman was none other than the sharp-tongued, shrewish gardener with
whom he'd fought.
"No, oh no..."
With a groan, Kevin hid his head in his hands.
Chapter V Young Love
Head buried in his hands, Kevin moaned, "What am I going to do?"
"Eat," Naitachal said without a trace of sympathy. "Then perform. That is what common minstrels
do, isn't it? And we are common minstrels, are we not?"
"Yes, but I—she—I—"
"That is the young woman gardener, is it not? The gardener who is also, it appears, Count Traherns
daughter. The one with whom you argued so strongly." Naitachal paused, then added with just the
faintest touch of delicate elven malice, "My, what strange judgment you humans show."
Kevin looked sharply up at that, glaring at the elf. "How was I to know who she was? You saw
what happened. She looked and acted like—like a filthy gardener!"
"Hey," a servant two seats to the right complained, "watch it. I'm a gardener."
"Sorry," Kevin said tightly. "I didn't mean any insult."
