Page 18

He heard the faintest of chuckles from Naitachal. "Awkward situation, isn't it?" There still wasn't
much sympathy in the elven Bard's voice. "The sort of awkwardness that seldom happens to nobility.
Only to... common minstrels."
Kevin winced. "You're not going to let me forget my mistake, are you?"
"Minstrelsy wasn't my idea, now, was it?"
"At least she hasn't recognized me yet. I... uh... don't suppose you'd care to lend me your hood?"
"And reveal to everyone that a Dark Elf sits among them?" Naitachal murmured drily. "Not a
chance."
"Ah. No. Of course not." Kevin shook his head ruefully. "Sorry. I wasn't thinking."
"That much seems clear."
"All right, all right, you were right about the whole thing and I was wrong. Naitachal... what am I
going to do?"
The bright blue gaze softened slightly. "Why not just go up there and confess the truth to the young
lady and her father?"
"How? Without looking like an idiot? More of an idiot than she already thinks me, I mean," Kevin
added bitterly. "Besides, you saw what happened earlier between Gwenlyn and me."
"To paraphrase what I said a moment ago, you two didn't exactly seem to be getting along."
"Ha! She has the sharpest tongue I've ever heard: I swear, she could give Tich'ki lessons!"
"And you, of course, were the model of gentility."
Kevin ignored that jibe as best he could. If only he could just quietly sneak out of here... no, that
was ridiculous. Even if he got out of the hall, he could hardly sneak out of the betrothal. Might as well
make the best of this uncomfortable situation. Maybe Gwenlyn had just been short-tempered because of
the heat and— and—
"And maybe swine can soar," Kevin muttered.
"They're roosting in the trees right now," Naitachal said. "Waiting to hear us perform. Courage, my
friend. Into battle we go."
Ah well, maybe she wouldn't recognize him.
Not a chance. Kevin saw her indigo eyes widen as he approached and waited for her to tell the
world he was the lout who'd stomped all over her herbs. But she said nothing. Probably waiting for me to
make a fool of my self all over again.
Well, he wasn't about to oblige her. Kevin swept down in as elegant a bow as he'd seen a minstrel
perform. "My lord, my lady, thank you for the most gracious kindness of your hospitality." Was that
suitably minstrel-like? "But now my partner and I would try to repay you, at least to the best of our
humble abilities."
He saw twin spasms of distaste cross the faces of both the count and his daughter: too late, Kevin
realized they must be thoroughly bored with such flowery nonsense, the sort of thing they'd hear from
every courtier seeking favors. Wonderful. Another blunder.
Nothing else to do now but play. Kevin ran a hand over the strings of his lute, then made hasty,
delicate refinements to the tuning; lutes went out of pitch fairly easily. Beside him, he could hear Naitachal
doing the same with his small harp.
"'The Lover True,'" Kevin murmured to him as the elf finished, and they broke together into the
opening chords. As they finished the introductory measures, Naitachal gave a little dip of the head, saying
as plain as words, You take it.
Good enough. As he'd reached his majority, Kevin's voice had darkened ever so slightly into a deep
tenor that still secretly delighted him. As he sang the gently tender verses, he subtly studied
Gwenlyn for a reaction. She wasn't pretty, not by the bland, conventional standards. No, there
wasn't anything bland about her at all, least of all those incredible eyes.
The eyes that right now were sparking with something approaching contempt. Kevin finished his
song to enthusiastic applause—save from her. Hers was slow and deliberate enough to be blatantly
sarcastic. "You didn't like the song, my lady?" Kevin asked wryly.
"Very pretty, minstrel," she said without expression.
