Page 19

"Not as—"
"Oh, please. You're not going to say, 'Not as pretty as you,' are you?"
"I was about to say," Kevin lied hastily, "not as pretty as the song itself."
"Ah, clever. The minstrel is more graceful with his words than he is with his feet."
"I could say, my lady," Kevin began with a desperate stab at gallantry, "that I was clumsy only
because your beauty dazzled me."
"That's rot."
"Gwenlyn!" Count Trahern whispered in disapproval, and she glanced his way. "But it is rot, Father.
I was covered with dirt and wearing my oldest clothes." Gwenlyn turned back to Kevin. "I hear false
praise enough from your betters, minstrel. I don't choose to suffer it from you, too."
Fighting back sharper words, Kevin said carefully, "If you consider my words, my lady, you'll see I
didn't actually cast false praise on you."
Dark brows raised in surprise. "No," she admitted drily after a moment, "you didn't. I could say
'how flattering.'"
Her sarcasm stung. "If you want flattery," Kevin exclaimed in a sudden burst of impatience, "you
aren't going to get it from me. A rose with too many thorns isn't going to have too many admirers."
"A rose with too many thorns," she snapped back, "retains its freedom."
"Freedom to wither on—"
"That's enough!" Count Trahern cut in angrily. "I've tried to make excuses for creative foolishness,
but minstrel, this nonsense has gone too far!"
"I didn't mean—" Kevin began, only to be interrupted by Gwenlyn's indignant, "Father, I can take
care of myself!"
But the man silenced them both with an angry wave of his hand. "I cannot allow a commoner such
h'cense. Minstrel, you surely know you cannot be allowed to insult a woman of noble blood like this. My
regrets, but I must ask you to leave before I am forced to—"
Oh, curse it all! "But I'm not a minstrel," Kevin admitted reluctantly.
"What are you, then?" Gwenlyn's voice dripped scorn. "A Bard?"
"Exactly!" Too late to stop now. "I am also not a commoner, but Count Kevin, your—the one
who—the one who accepted your portrait."
"So much for dashing disguises," Naitachal murmured, with just a touch too much amusement in his
voice for Kevin's liking.
Count Trahern and Gwenlyn both were sitting bolt upright with shock. 'The portrait," the man
whispered fiercely to his daughter, "his portrait. Let me see it."
"Do you think I carry it with me?" she hissed back.
Kevin sighed. "I know I don't look particularly noble right now. I don't feel particularly noble. But I
can at least prove my friend and I really are Bards."
Count Trahern raised a skeptical eyebrow. "Do so."
With a wary glance at Naitachal, who looked the very image of innocence—if innocence were
shrouded in solid black—Kevin lifted his lute once more and began the gentle song known as "Quiet
Friendship's Melody," which held within it the possibility of soothing roused emotions and allaying
suspicions. Naitachal added his harps counterpoint to the soft, intricate melody but nodded at Kevin,
signalling him once again to carry the words. As he sang their gentle simplicity, the young count felt
Bardic Magic rousing within him, warm and heady as wine, and had to fight with himself to keep the
power of the spell-song at only half-strength. He wanted to soothe the count and his daughter, not
ensorcel them! Kevin saw Count Trahern settle back in his chair, saw even Gwenlyn's fierce blue stare
soften, and dared a small smile.
But just as the magic was taking full control, Gwenlyn shot to her feet with a frantic "No!" Her shout
was fierce enough to break through Kevin s Bardic trance. Startled, he lost his hold on the song and the
fragile spell, and the music faltered into silence. Before he could recover, Gwenlyn raced from the room.
"What did I say?" Kevin asked in confusion, dazed from the suddenness of the spells breaking,
struggling to reorganize his thoughts. "What did I sing wrong? I didn't mean her any harm."
