Page 20

Count Trahern shook his head. "Nothing was wrong, save, perhaps, my daughter's fancies. You
sang most wondrously fair, Count Kevin. And yes," he added wryly, "I do believe you are who and what
you claim; I felt the power of your song." Almost apologetically, the count added, "My daughter is a fiery
spirit; I can't always understand what moves her. Go after her. Speak with her. See if, perhaps, you can
soften her heart."
Oh Of course. Just what I want to do. Kevin glanced at Naitachai, uneasy about leaving a Dark
Elf—Bard or no Bard—alone among possibly hostile strangers. But Naitachai, still virtually radiating
elven amusement at human foolishness, waved him on.
Human stupidity, rather, Kevin thought drily. I don't even want the woman.
But he couldn't very well say that to her father. "I can only try," the young count said evasively, and
set out after Gwenlyn, After some quick questions to various guards and servants, he finally caught up
with her on the castle ramparts. She was staring fiercely out into the surrounding forest.
Now, what? Kevin wondered doubtfully. "My... uh... lady."
She turned sharply to him, her eyes so wild with rage that for a moment he was sure she was going
to try tossing him over the rim. "How dare you!"
"I beg your pardon?"
"How dare you not tell me who you were right from the start!"
"I—"
"What were you trying to do? Let the silly girl make a fool of herself?"
"No, I—"
"That's exactly it, isn't it?"
"Why would I want to do a thing like that?"
"Why? Because you wouldn't be the first! Men don't like women who aren't properly meek, do
they?"
"That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever—"
"No, no," Gwenlyn rushed on, "all they want of a noblewoman is that she not be noticed except
as—as a prize to be shown off like a pretty, brainless brood mare!"
"I would never treat a woman like that!"
"Ha! You certainly aren't going to treat we like that!"
Gwenlyn broke off to catch her breath, then continued in a slightly calmer voice, "Look you, I know
I have a sharp tongue. But what other weapon is there for someone like me? You don't really think
you're the first of my would-be suitors, do you? The others have come wooing my father's wealth and
status practically since the day I was born. But all of them raced away the minute they found out they
couldn't cow me— after each one of them did his best to humble me. And that's exactly the path you
were following!"
"No!"
"Yes! You wanted me to make a fool of myself so you could laugh at me and be oh so superior!"
A stab of sympathy shot through Kevin. "I'm sorry you think that way. But I swear I didn't mean to
hurt you."
"Oh no, of course not," she drawled. "You were playing that ridiculous false role because you were
trying to make me feel at ease."
"I was trying," Kevin said with as much self-control as he could muster, "to give us both a chance to
know each other without rank getting in the way. But I can see that isn't going to work out."
"On the contrary," Gwenlyn snarled. "It's worked out all too well. I've already learned I'd as soon
link my name to—to a dog baying at the moon as marry you."
"How poetic. And 7 would much prefer to hear that dog howl at me than listen to one more word
from Your Thorniness."
"Oh, be wary of my thorns, indeed!"
They broke off, glaring at each other. "Better to know how we feel about each other now," Kevin
said at last, "before it's too late."
"Much better. And since we do know it, you have no excuse to linger here. So go!"
