Page 21

"Gladly!"
Kevin bowed his curtest bow and stormed off, swearing under his breath. Curse the woman, curse
his own stupidity, curse this whole idiotic business! Part of him still couldn't help but feel sorry for
Gwenlyn, trapped in the snare of her social status as she was. But he didn't love her, he was most surely
never going to love her, and he doubted the prickly creature would ever let herself love anybody.
Besides, just because he pitied her it didn't mean he wanted to tie himself for the rest of his life to
someone who would as soon stab him with words as kiss him!
Now, isn't this a lovely mess? Kevin mused bitterly. 7 don't want her, she doesn't want me, but I
can't simply break off this almost-betrothal, not without offending Count Trahern.
And that would be a most perilous thing to do. Offending such an important noble, Kevin knew,
would almost certainly trap him in the midst of who knew what political tangles.
The young count let out his breath in a long sigh of frustration. Right now, he'd give anything to be
back in the old days, out on the road with Lydia, Tich'ki and the others with an open world of adventure
ahead. But swordplay or Bardic Magic wasn't going to help him now. He'd once fought bandits and the
undead and triumphed, but there wasn't anything he could do to get himself out of this more prosaic peril.
In fact, Kevin thought dourly, there was only one thing he could do right now. And by all the Powers, he
meant to do it: go home!
Chapter VI Gate Building
Alone in her dark little sorcery laboratory, Rualath stood a long time lost in thought, even as she had
been doing again and again since boldly making her vow to Haralachan about snaring Naitachal. What
was she going to do about fulfilling that vow? She couldn't afford to waste too much more time. Soon
enough the Dark Elf lord would be wondering what she was about, and if she didn't have something to
show him—
Wait. Panic was ridiculous, weak. Take the problem point by point. Naitachal, now... she could not
claim to know Naitachal very well. Even though they shared clan and caste, he had always been a
strange creature, keeping to himself as much as possible, never really letting himself be involved in any of
the convoluted, endless tangle ofNithathili plots, save those necessary for his own survival. But even as a
child he had attracted the attention of those whose task it was to train promising young sorcerers in the
proper science of Necromancy, the potential for Power radiating around him, strong and dark.
No, Rualath corrected herself drily, it would appear that his Power hadn't been truly Dark after all.
Though at the time he had seemed most perfectly born and bred for the role of Necromancer, absorbing
every harsh lesson of the art without complaint or weakness, Naitachal had most definitely perverted his
talents.
"Music." Rualath said that foreign word with distaste, then shook her head. How could he possibly
take such deep pleasure in a random collection of sounds?
No. Never mind that. Naitachal's bizarre tastes hardly mattered. No matter how fiercely he might try
to deny his heritage, he was still a fully trained Necromancer. That made him a dangerous foe—but a
predictable one. Other Necromancers had challenged Rualath in the past, seeking to supplant her as
Haralachan's consort. She had destroyed every one of those who'd dared challenge her. No, the
difficulty would not be so much in fighting and besting Naitachal, but in finding a way to lure him back to
the Darkness in which he could be conquered.
Oh, indeed. And how was she going to find such a way? With an impatient hiss, Rualath knelt and
released the magical clasps of chest after chest, crouching to rummage yet again through the scrolls that
represented long years of study and experimentation.
