Page 22

But at last she sat back in helpless frustration. Nothing! There was still nothing she could use! If
Naitachal was still of the Darkness, there would have been half a hundred strategies she could have used
to snare him. But what could lure him now? What had he become, this impossibility of Darkness turned
Light? How did he think? What would he, what could he want?
Ae, but she could hardly come before Haralachan with an inane, "I've failed." That would be as
good as offering him a sacrificial knife and lying meekly down on the altar. No, no, there had to be
another solution.
All right, then. Think. If the finished, set magics she'd previously created were useless, perhaps one
of her experimental, untested spells might serve, instead. But... which?
With a sudden snarl of impatience, Rualath got to her feet, straightening her robes widi brusque
hands. If her mind refused to help her here, perhaps a change of scene—and just possibly a brief hunt
should some prey, animal or servant, cross her path—would clear her thoughts.
Rualath silently prowled the chill, dark caverns of her lord's realm, seeing no one, hearing no one.
But then she stopped with a soft, startled hiss, staring into utter blackness that even Nithathil sight could
not pierce, her every magical sense alert and on guard. Another was here, another stood silent in the
darkness. Why? A threat? Rualath drew defensive Power to her, ready to cast.
"I am alone." A shrouded figure moved slightly forward, just enough for Rualath to see it assume the
posture of Courteous Submission to an Equal: arms out from sides to show no weapons hidden, palms
held parallel to the stone floor to show no spells being worked.
Ha, she knew the aura of this one. "Tanarchal. What do you want?"
If he was surprised at the ease with which she'd identified him, he showed no sign, calmly pushing
back the hood of his cloak to meet her gaze. "I am overcome with admiration," he said.
"Meaning?"
"Your sorcerous skill. And strength of will. I would not have the courage to experiment with Power
as you do."
"You would not have the talent," Rualath said flatly. "I ask again: what do you want?"
"What do you want? So much Power, so much talent... what do you want, Rualath?"
She raised a skeptical brow. "I am consort to our ruler, free to work whatever experiments I wish.
What more could I want?"
His teeth flashed in the darkness in a predatory grin. "I hardly expect one such as you to show
weakness."
"Weakness!"
Tanarchal kept his palms flat and outstretched. "Is not innocence a weakness?"
Rualath gave a sharp little laugh of contempt. "Don't attempt to condescend, Tanarchal."
"Never that. Not to someone who just might remember those who knew her before she... ah, but
you surely have no desire to ascend the throne."
"The throne is already occupied," she reminded him reflexively, but the faintest spark of alarm
shocked through her. Was this a genuine attempt at an alliance? Did Tanarchal truly mean to help her
overthrow Haralachan? No Nithathil aided another without an ulterior motive: did Tanarchal see himself
as the power behind the throne? Or... could he already have made some manner of alliance with
Haralachan? Was this a trap? A test of her loyalty? There was never a Nithathili plot laid without a dozen
interlacing possibilities and perils.
Haralachan is so much more powerful than this ambitious youngster, Rualath reasoned coldly. He
holds the support I do not yet command and Tanarchal never will. Ambition and inexperience are
perilous companions.
So, then. Better Haralachans dangerous arrogance than the need to forever be watching her back
without respite that would come with an alliance with Tanarchal.
"No," she said aloud. "Find another tool." His smiled thinned ever so slightly. "A challenge?" "Against
you?" Rualath let contempt flavor her words ever so delicately. "No."
He bowed shortly, relief just barely veiled, his wary gaze never leaving her face just in case she
might choose to attack without formal warning, then he backed away into shrouding blackness. Rualath
