Page 23

stood with predatory patience for a long while till she was sure she was in no peril from his sudden
ambush, then walked away with slow, studied grace, radiating total lack of concern with every step. It
wasn't a complete act: since he had forgone attack here and now, there wasn't any real threat from
Tanarchal; he knew as well as she that she wouldn't betray him to Haralachan. No, if Haralachan wasn't
strong enough to hold off Tanarchal or any other would-be usurper without help, then he didn't deserve
to keep the throne.
Ahh, yes. But if Haralachan continued to hold power, then the problem of Naitachal remained
unsolved. Rualath let out her breath in a long sigh, and turned back towards her sorcery study, part of her
mind forever wary against possible danger, the rest contemplating magic. There must be a solution, there
must!
Haralachan slowly lowered the small, intricately cut gemstone from his eye, letting it fall back on the
thin chain about his neck. So, and so... interesting. Interesting that Rualath should choose to cleave to
him. She must have been sorely tempted for a moment; he was very much aware of her ambition, just as
he was aware that she knew only too well that with him rested political might.
For now, whispered a sly corner of his mind, and Haralachan's lips tightened ever so slightly. Yes.
For now. For now and for as long as he wished to hold that power. Tanarchal? Now and again a
Tanarchal arose, more willfulness than sense. Others before him had come and gone. And Tanarchal, in
turn, would someday serve his lord and the Darkness in the hunt or on the altar. In the meantime,
Haralachan would let him live, for the possibility of that future :i entertainment.
Rualath, though. There was a deeper threat—but also the greater promise of excitement: long
Nithathili I lives soon led into boredom without the thrill that came from such potential danger from such
intimate companions. Haralachan smiled languorously, coldly. If she failed him now, in the matter of
Naitachal, he would, of course, take her life. If she succeeded, why then, she became all the more
dangerous to his security-— and all the more exciting.
Entering her study, Rualath barred the door with a commanding wave of her hand, then, safely
alone, fell back against a wall. Ignoring the coldness of the stone stealing through her, she stood grimly
hunting through her mind, remembering every sorcerous test she'd ever made, finding and analyzing and
rejecting concept after concept, until... until...
Hai, yes! The answer hit her so suddenly Rualath straightened as though she'd been slapped, nearly
cried out in startled triumph. Yes, oh yes, indeed! Pausing only long enough to will her thoughts to proper
coolness, she sent a mental call.
"Yes," came Haralachan's cool answer. "What?"
"I have an intriguing little tale to tell you."
"Well? What?"
"Dealing with our wandering traitor. May I join you?"
"In the audience cavern, yes. Now."
He broke the mental contact so brusquely Rualath bared her teeth in a silent snarl. Oh, she'd truly
named him arrogant! How dare he summon her as though she were nothing more than an erring slave?
And forcing her to meet him in such a public place—Haralachan was most surely making certain she
didn't dare fail him, not with potential witnesses certain to be all about.
"I will not fail," Rualath promised softly. "And may the day come when you regret that fact."
Her walk smooth and deliberate as a predator's stalk, she returned to where Haralachan sat at ease
on his obsidian throne and paused a moment to study him. Ah, what an image he presented. His long legs
were outstretched and crossed at the ankle, the lazy pose contrasting sharply with the darkness half
hiding his lean form and the waves of cold, casual Power radiating from him.
Save the tricks, Rualath thought wryly. I've seen them all before.
"Well, my dear consort?" Haralachan asked with delicate irony, looking at her over steepled fingers.
"What have you?"
Rualath smiled slowly. "As I hinted, I have an intriguing little solution to our... problem."
"Naitachal, you mean. What?"
"Ah, then you are interested, my lord?"
