Page 24

His eyes flickered with impatience, glinting red in the dim light above the elegant hands, but
Haralachan's coldly perfect face remained impassive as stone. "Speak."
"I call my magical creation simply a Gate Spell."
"There have been other Gates."
Rualath narrowly kept from frowning at the casual scorn in his voice. "Of course there have," she
replied smoothly, "but none quite like this."
"Ah? How so?"
"This Gate," Rualath purred, "shall be a sorcerous doorway, yes, but it shall," if the magic works
correctly, she added wryly to herself, "be keyed specifically to Naitachal. It will be designed to snare him
the moment he passes through the Gate, or even too near to it, and pull him, helpless as a slave, straight
into our arms." She paused with a slight smile, just barely keeping it from turning into a triumphant grin.
"Does that intrigue you, my lord?"
Even though his face still showed not the slightest trace of emotion, Rualath saw the mingled relief
and caution glint in his eyes. Yes, my lord, she purred silently, respect me. Fear me, even.
Oh, granted, the Gate Spell was still very much in the experimental stage, with a good deal of
potential for its going wrong or failing altogether. Rualath admitted to herself that she hadn't yet been able
to send a rat through the Gate she had created in tests without the whole thing shattering uselessly. But
showing herself as fallible in any way before Haralachan would be worse than inane: it would be suicidal.
And that, Rualath told herself, I most certainly am not. As far as Haralachan may know, my spells
never fail.
"Yes," Haralachan said at last. "It does intrigue me. Go, my good Rualath. Begin your spell. The
traitor shall be ours at last"
Yes, he shall, my melodramatic consort. But when he is snared, Rualath thought with an inner smile,
the glory of that snaring, when none else in all your realm could catch him, shall all be mine.
Chapter VII Pilgrimage
"How dare you!" Count Trahern thundered at his daughter where they stood alone on the castle
ramparts. "How dare you act like that to such an important guest!"
"He brought it on himself!" Gwenlyn countered fiercely.
"Don't argue with me! How dare you act like such a—a—a— Bah! I can't even find the words!"
"Like a spoiled child?' Gwenlyn shouted back. "How else did you expect me to act? You've been
treating me like a child!"
"Nonsense!"
"Oh, is it? Can you actually claim you gave me a chance to act like an adult anywhere along the
way?"
"Of course I have, curse it!"
"You most certainly have not!" Glaring at her father, Gwenlyn continued, "All through this ridiculous
non-courtship and non-betrothal I haven't had a say in anything! You've been busily trying to force me
into what you want me to be, what you want me to do, as if I couldn't be trusted to make my own
decisions!" That's not quite true, part of her mind insisted, up till now he's always let you be your own
person. Oh, indeed. Till now. Suddenly furious at herself for feeling a ridiculous urge to weep, Gwenlyn
shrieked instead, "I will not be your helpless, mindless slave!"
"You aren't a slave, you little idiot, you're my daughter! And as my daughter, you will do as I say!"
"And that is what? Are you really going to command me to marry that lout?"
"You will marry that 'lout,' as you so stupidly call him, or anyone else I order you to wed!"
