Page 25

"Ha! Rather than be forced into a trap like that, I would sooner stay a maid alone till the day I die!"
"That is not one of your options, girl," Count Trahern said darkly. "You are my only heir, and the
family line must continue through you. like it or not, you must marry. You will marry—and the man you
wed will be Count Kevin!"
"It will not!"
"Dammit, Gwenlyn, stop answering back!"
"How can I keep quiet? This is my life you'd bargain away!"
Count Trahern glanced heavenward with an angry sigh. "Why?" he asked unseen forces. "Other
fathers have nice, sensible, dutiful children. Why was I given such a sharp-tongued, sharp-willed,
hopelessly stubborn creature instead?"
"I'm my father's daughter," Gwenlyn snarled.
The count lowered his head at that to glare at her. "We've been over all this ground before."
"Gods, yes! Look you, of course I know I'll have to marry. But—but can't I have any say in the
matter?"
"I've given you too much say, there's the problem! Stop shrieking at me like a servant just for a
moment and start thinking like my daughter, like the heir of a count. Count Kevin is high in the royal
favor. You know it as well as I. He is far, far too valuable an ally to offend—ha, yes, and yet you've
already managed to drive him away!"
"He left of his own accord." That isn't quite true, either, her mind insisted. You really didn't give him
much of a chance to stay. And... he hadn't seemed like such a bad sort, not as bad as the others, surely;
his face hadn't been a minstrels image of handsomeness, but his eyes had been so full of life and
friendliness—
Not that she'd given him much of a chance to be friendly.
"It's his own fault," Gwenlyn muttered, as much to herself as her father. "If only he hadn't tried that
ridiculous masquerade, if only he'd been honest with me from the start, maybe—" She brought herself up
short. "That's neither here nor there. I am not going to marry him, and there's an end to it"
"There is not the end to it at all!" Count Trahern caught his breath with an audible gasp. "Look you, I
could have married you off long before this. You could have been wed to an old man or a cruel one long
before you'd reached the age of consent. But no, I cared for your welfare, I waited till you were old
enough to—yes, to have some say in the matter. Bah! I was a fool!"
"That's ridiculous! Why—"
"Don't interrupt! I let you reject suitor after suitor—"
"Because each one was worse than the next, and you know it! They didn't want a wife, not one of
that glittering, empty-brained lot, they wanted a—a showpiece, a pretty creature who could breed them
heirs and keep her mouth shut!"
"And keeping your mouth shut is something you've never been able to do!" the count snapped. "I tell
you, Count Kevin is known as a good, land young man, a Bard—and I will not have you turn down
someone who has the King's own ear!"
"That's the heart of it, isn't it?" Gwenlyn shouted back. "You don't care about whether or not I'd be
happy, not anymore. Oh no, you're so dazzled by the thought of possible royal favor spreading your way
you can't see what's right in front of your nose!"
"And what, pray tell," her father said in a dangerously low voice, "is that?"
"Don't you know? You've fallen so madly in love with the idea of having Count Kevin in the family
that you refuse to see the truth: he's a—a stupid, arrogant nobody I And no matter what you do or say, I
will not marry him!"
"Enough of this nonsense!" the count roared. "You will marry Count Kevin, you will not answer me
back— and you are going on a little journey, right now!"
Before Gwenlyn could do more than gasp in surprise, her father grabbed her by the wrist, dragging
her after him as he shouted for his servants. As they came scurrying up to bow and stare in astonishment,
Count Trahern told them fiercely, "My daughter is about to leave on a pilgrimage to the retreat of Saint
Verdain for a period of meditation."
