Page 26

It was a trip commonly made by brides-to-be. As the servants buzzed in surprise and excitement,
Gwenlyn opened her mouth, shut it again, so overcome with fury and shock she couldn't say anything
coherent. Her father glared at her, tightening his grip on her wrist so much the tears came to her eyes and
choked off any possible protests. "You will do as I say," he whispered. "Is that understood? You will
return in a more suitable frame of mind. Is that understood? You will return in a. more suitable frame of
mind—or, by all the gods, you are not to return here at all!"
The day was cool and clear, with just enough of a gentle breeze to keep off any annoying insects,
and the sweet smell of spring was all around. Gwenlyn, sitting on her smooth-striding palfrey, surrounded
by her fathers guards, a timid maidservant on a mule beside her, was fuming. She knew that had this been
any other outing—even though her father had put repulsive Captain Degalth in charge—she probably
would have been enjoying herself immensely. But how could she possibly enjoy being forced into a
journey she didn't want to take? A journey which was going to end in her being trapped into making a
decision she didn't want to make?
How could he do this to me? How could Father virtually send me into exile?
Easily. He really had been amazingly tolerant up till now, allowing her to refuse any and all suitors.
Gwenlyn admitted that freely; any other noble's daughter would never have had so much freedom. That
was what had made his sudden decision that Count Kevin was the one she'd wed and no argument about
it so startling. Gwenlyn shook her head in frustration. Did her father really expect her to return home
nicely humbled, all ready to be married off to whomever Daddy picked?
Ha! Not a chance of that!
But at the same time, Gwenlyn uncomfortably knew there really wasn't much of an alternative. Short
of taking religious orders at St. Verdain's, of course. And I can hardly see myself as a cloistered holy
woman! Gods, no, I'd have even less freedom there than I would as a wife.
Her restlessness was communicating itself to her palfrey, which had begun pacing nervously, and for
a time Gwenlyn had to turn all her attention to the horse, welcoming the distraction.
"My lady?" one of the guards asked warily. "Would you like one of us to take the reins?"
"No!" Gwenlyn snapped, and told the palfrey with hands and body to behave itself now. The last
thing she wanted was to have even this last tiny bit of self-reliance taken from her by overly solicitous
guards.
Oh, curse it all, I'm not against marriage, not to someone I could love, or at least like and
respect—but can't I have a chance to live my own life at least a little first? I've never actually done
anything, not on my own, not as my own, individual self. Am I never going to have a chance to do
anything interesting before I wind up going from count's daughter to count's wife?
Am I never going to have any adventures at all?
Surrounded by the splendid spring day and the attentive guards in their blue and gold livery and
glittering mail, Gwenlyn brooded.
Captain Degalth, solid, stolid, and totally without imagination, glanced uneasily sideways at his noble
employer s daughter. At least the sharp-tongued creature had fallen silent—for the moment—but it was
just a matter of time before she attacked again, making things miserable for him. It wasn't his fault Count
Trahern had decided to send the little shrew off to St. Verdains! If it had been up to him, Degalth thought
angrily, he would have had her sent off gagged and bound.
A woman has no business acting like this, thinking for herself and trying to lead her own life. What
garbage! Everyone knows no woman can act or think as well as a man—they just aren't up to it, the
delicate things. Childbearing, that's what they're made for. And that's what my Lady Gwenlyn needs, too:
a husband to keep her in line and a baby or two. That'll settle her right down.
But of course he didn't dare say anything like that to her. Even though it grated to act properly
humble to a mere snip of a girl, Degalth had no intention of getting Count Trahern angry at him. Even
though he secretly thought the count a fool for giving his daughter a boy's education, letting the girl get
such high-and-mighty ideas as freedom and independence into her sharp-tongued head.
As though she was aware of his thoughts, Gwenlyn glanced quickly his way. Degalth grit his teeth.
"Is something wrong, my lady?"
