Page 27

"Nothing," she snapped, "save for this whole journey," and turned just as quickly away.
Be that way, Degalth told her silently. Keep up the shrewish behavior, my lady. And all my
sympathies to Count Kevin or any other man who's unfortunate enough to be stuck with you.
The way Degalth was right now. Suddenly he knew he couldn't bear having the hot-tempered girl on
his hands one moment longer than he had to. Standing in the stirrups, Degalth studied the way ahead. If
they stayed on this broad main road, they would have a perfectly safe, perfectly dull ride, and it would
take several days to reach St. Verdain s. But there was another route through the forest looming up on
their left. Granted, it wasn't as wide or comfortable, and technically not as safe as the main road—but it
was most definitely a shortcut that would take at least two days off their journey.
Why not try it? Degalth mused. After all, it's not really dangerous; I wouldn't deliberately take Count
Trahern's daughter into peril. But there aren't any animals big enough to threaten armed men, and there
haven't been any bandits in these parts for years.
Gwenlyn was snapping at one of the guards who was trying to take the reins from her. Degalth
looked at her stormy eyes and nodded.
That did it. The shorter forest route it was!
He saw Gwenlyn straighten in her saddle. "Captain Degalth, where are we going?"
"Why, to the retreat of St. Verdain, my lady!"
"Don't patronize me, Captain Degalth. Why are we leaving the main road?"
'This is a more direct route to St. Verdain's, my lady. I know it's not quite as broad or flat as the
main road, but I've travelled it before, and I assure you it's quite safe and comfortable."
Gwenlyn s gaze was sharp and wary. Hell, she was going to order him back onto the main road, he
knew it. But then she sighed and shrugged. "You would know that better than I. So be it."
Hastily, before she could change her mind, Degalth led the way into the forest, his horse picking its
wary way down the narrow trail. It was cool in here, and dim, with isolated sparkles of sunlight; so much
ancient leaf mold carpeted the ground their horses' hoofs thumped dully rather than clopping. Degalth
glanced back to see how Gwenlyn was doing, and was astonished to see her actually smiling, her face for
once empty of anger. As a bird darted by overhead, trilling, she looked up sharply with a little cry of
delight.
She likes it in here! I bet she thinks it's all pretty birds and deer and—
A branch slapped him full in the face. Clawing free, spitting out leaves, Degalth could have sworn he
heard Gwenlyn chuckle, and only barely managed to stifle a curse. The sooner he was rid of this affliction
of a girl, the happier he'd be! Pulling leaves and twigs out of his helm, he signalled a faster pace to the
others.
They rode on in silence for what Degalth guessed was quite a while, though it was difficult to judge
time when you couldn't really see the sun. He was just beginning to wonder if they should stop to let
Gwenlyn rest—though she seemed to be holding up as well as any of the men—when one of the guards
forced his horse up through the bushes to Degalth's side.
"Uh, Captain," he murmured, "don't want to alarm the lady, but... well... I could swear someone's
watching us."
"Nonsense. Who's going to watch us, a deer?"
"Well..."
"Look, there's no one living in the forest, not around here anyhow, not even a peasant."
"Bandits—"
'There have been no bandits in this region for years," Degalth snapped. "Now get back to your place
and keep your mouth shut before you start scaring the lady!"
Not that a little thing like bandits are going to scare this lady, Degalth thought. Naw, nothing short of
the end of the world would bother someone like her.
But suddenly it was the end of the world for him. As the arrow slammed into his chest, hitting just
above the edge of his mail shirt, Degalth had time only for one quick, last, regretful, Oh hell, looks like the
guard was right.
And then there was nothing to think about at all.
