Page 28

For one bewildered moment, Gwenlyn thought Captain Degalth had somehow simply managed to
fall off his horse. Then she caught a quick glimpse of the arrow, the blood, while all around her, the
guards were whipping out their swords and suddenly men were shouting, screaming as arrows cut them
down. Her maidservant was screaming, too, a long, shrill shrieking that hurt her ears till it was abruptly
cut short. Gwenlyn fought her terrified horse, just barely keeping the saddle as it bucked and plunged.
The young woman turned her head this way and that, trying to find a way out, seeing only death and
blood. There were wild-eyed, savage faces all around her, cutting off her escape.
Outlaws! And our guards were so—so damned complacent they weren't prepared to fight, and
I—I—
As a guard slid limply from the saddle, sword falling from his hand, Gwenlyn grabbed for the hilt.
The sword was heavier than she'd expected, so heavy she needed both hands to steady it, but somehow
she managed to slash out at the hands reaching for her. But she couldn't hold the sword and the reins at
the same time, and the palfrey, unused to battle, was wheeling and leaping wildly, throwing off her aim
and balance. As Gwenlyn frantically tried to slash out again, hands clamped shut on her arms, her
shoulders, pulling her over backwards off the saddle. The sword went flying as she hit the ground with
enough force to drive the breath from her lungs. For a terrifying moment all she could do was gasp for
air, the leering, filthy faces of her captors looming over her, and think, This is a stupid way to die.
But then a voice shouted, "No, you idiots! That's a lady you've got there, and she's worth a lot more
undamaged. Hurry up, this place isn't going to be safe for long. Take her with us!"
As they dragged her to her feet, Gwenlyn kicked and bit and clawed frantically. But she might as
well have been a child trying to hurt a giant for all the good that did. Someone threw a dirty, bloodstained
cloak about her, wrapping it tightly despite her struggles, pinning her arms to her sides. Strong hands
grabbed her shoulders and pulled her forward. As she was dragged helplessly off into the depths of the
forest, Gwenlyn told herself wryly:
You wanted adventure, you fool. Now you've got it!
Chapter VIII The Gate Opens
Rualath stood alone in her sorcery workroom, panting. All around her, the elements of her
spellcasting littered the room: bits of feathers symbolizing air, glints of stone symbolizing earth, eerie,
convoluted twists of rock and metal and sorcerous substances unknown to the outside world lying
seemingly at random. Intricate, eye-hurting symbols were chalked over every available surface, and
black-flamed candles burned at the five cardinal points. Two mice huddled in a small cage in one corner,
test subjects; there had been four when Rualath had begun.
But for all the complicated arrangements, for all the convoluted elements of the spell, so far her
efforts had ended in total failure.
The first version of the Gate Spell had caused only the slightest, most useless wavering of the air,
and the first mouse had walked right through it with no effect at all, on either mouse or spell.
The second version of the Gate Spell had created a miniature whirlwind that had nearly torn apart
her sorcery supplies before Rualath could dispel it and left the second mouse a lifeless, bloody mass. The
sorceress thought of Naitachal suffering such a fate, dying so quickly and relatively easily before proper
vengeance on a traitor could be taken, and shuddered. Should she be guilty of such failure, allowing the
prey to escape, Haralachan would most surely accuse her of treason.
I will not fail, Rualath vowed fiercely, and refused to admit that what she really meant was: I dare
not.
So, now. Think. She had already managed to rouse some Power; the shattered mouse had proven
