Page 29

that. What if she altered this Rune of Transport just a touch, changing the points of orientation ever so
slightly? Yes, that might prove interesting... and now if she shortened the distance between diis candle
and the outer edge of the first chalked circle to balance the change... yes, again. That balanced very
nicely, indeed. And if she tried adding this Rune... yes, and added a twist to this one... yes, ah, yes...
She could hardly forget the danger of failure hanging over her. But suddenly burning with an
explorer's fervor, Rualath set about her hasty rearrangements, scribbling the changes she was making on
a parchment so they'd be safe till proven effective and worthy of committing to memory.
There! The new version was completed, leaving nothing left to do but activate it. Feeling her breath
catch in her throat, Rualath snatched up one of the mice, gasping out the words that should, if there was
any Dark Power in the world, activate the Gate Spell.
Yes, oh yes, it was happening, this time it was happening correctly! Rualath shivered,/eg/mg magic
stirring properly, fiercely, wild and so filled with Power it nearly dazzled her. Refusing to yield control to
her creation, she watched a small shimmering form in the exact center of the innermost circle, exactly like
that which formed in heated air over molten rock. This time I shall succeed!
Hastily, Rualath bent and placed the mouse near the shimmer. A sharp pinch made it jump
forward— and reappear, without any apparent harm at all, on the far side of the outermost circle.
"It worked," Rualath breathed, and then again, more fiercely, "it worked."
Granted, there was still work to be done. The spell must be enlarged to let an elf pass; no lack of
slaves for that test. Then it must be twisted and refined so it could be cast from afar... difficult, but she
had cast other spells successfully from considerable distances. This should be no different. Most
importantly, the Gate Spell must be set to specifically lure and catch Naitachal—no problem, that last,
Rualath thought wildly, there surely must still be some bits of his possessions about, even if no one had
yet been able to use them to snare him. Granted, the spell was still very, very experimental, granted she
wasn't sure of all the possible variations its casting might create—
But it had worked, the Gate Spell worked. Not only was her life safe, but now new power, new
status, would be hers as the creator of such magic, the one who had caught the traitor when all others
had failed. At last the time would come when she no longer must humble herself before Haralachan but
would be his true equal, even his superior!
Eyes blazing red with the force of her excitement, Rualath set about perfecting her spell.
"I will never," Naitachal exclaimed to his horse and the surrounding forest, "never, do you hear me,
never understand how humans think!"
Kevin, riding beside him, both of them heading back towards his castle, stared resolutely straight
ahead. "Aren't you ever going to get tired of the subject? We've been over the whole thing several times
already."
"Obviously not times enough! You still aren't listening to me."
"That's right."
"Ae, humans!" Naitachal reached out to snatch the bridle of Kevin's horse, bringing both mounts to a
stop. Slanted blue eyes glared into Kevin's own. "What is the matter with you? The woman is young,
pretty in her own unique way, and decidedly intelligent."
The young count determinedly dragged his gaze away—not an easy thing when an elf was staring at
you with almost sorcerous fervor. 'The woman is a shrew."
"Oh, you can't tell me she doesn't have justification for being a bit sharp-tongued!"
"A bit!"
"Well, perhaps that was a little understated. But that is one of the most unhappy young people I have
seen among your kind."
Kevin tried and failed to pull the bridle free from Naitachal's hand; elves could, when the fancy took
them, show a supple strength far beyond human ability. With a sigh, the young count sprang from the
saddle, trying to pretend that resting the horses was what he'd had in mind all along. Naitachal leaped
down to join him, walking beside him, ignoring Kevin s attempt to ignore him. He looped the reins over
one dark arm, the horses trailing after.
Kevin, fuming, knowing there was no way he could outwait his inhumanly patient friend, finally
