Page 30

snatched back the reins of his own horse and admitted, "Yes. Of course I noticed the unhappiness behind
her anger.
How could she not be unhappy, trapped in that rigid world of rules?"
"Oh, indeed" Kevin heard a sudden hint of hardness slip into his friends voice and glanced his way to
see the faintest hint of sorcerous red glint in Naitachals eyes. "I know something of rigid rules," the Dark
Elf said softly. "The rules that force you onto one path no matter what else you may wish. The rules that,
if broken, mean death. Or worse."
Naitachal seldom gave more dian reluctant hints as to what his life in the Nithathili caverns must have
been like. Looking at the Dark Elf s carefully impassive face, Kevin wondered suddenly how it might
have been if he, too, had been born into a certain race, a certain social class, forbidden to wander freely
or— far, far worse—to study music, and shuddered. "I do feel sorry for her," he said defensively, "but
that doesn't mean I want to tie my life to hers!"
"You could, at least, have taken some more time before rushing to that conclusion."
"I tried! She wouldn't listen to anything I had to say."
"How could she trust you? She'd already seen you change from one guise to another—for all the
young woman knew she still hadn't seen the real Kevin."
Kevin glared. "Haven't you gotten weary of those 'I told you so's'yet?"
"Hardly."
"Ha." Kevin's attempt to storm away was checked by his horse stopping suddenly to grab a tasty
leaf and nearly pulling him ignominiously over backwards. As he caught his balance, he saw Naitachal
watching with face carefully bland, and snapped, "You can keep on with your nagging all you want. But
that doesn't mean I need to listen!"
"Humans," Naitachal said conversationally to his horse. "Quite mad, the lot of them. They hunger
after elves and elven magic like so many children after sweets—but let an elf try to give advice to one of
them and suddenly that one turns most miraculously deaf."
"Ha," Kevin repeated. Jerking his horses head up, he managed this time to successfully stalk away.
Naitachal, chuckling, followed.
But as they walked, more or less together, the Dark Elf all at once stopped short, breath indrawn in
a sharp hiss.
"Naitachal?" Kevin asked warily. "What—"
The elf curtly waved him to silence, standing as fiercely still as a questing hunting hound, eyes blazing
with sorcerous force. "Magic..." he murmured at last. "Magic in a shape I have never known before."
Kevin bit back a groan. Elven curiosity was so much stronger than anything a human felt, strong
enough at times to quite overwhelm little things such as personal safety and common sense, and right now
every bit of Naitachal's curiosity was plainly aroused.
"Don't you think—" Kevin began warily, but the Dark Elf was already moving silently forward. The
young count followed nervously in his wake, trying again. "Uh, Naitachal... don't you think you might be
being just a little foolish? I mean, do we really want to investigate something that... well, maybe it doesn't
want to be disturbed?"
"We cannot know that."
"We can't not know that, either! Look, if it's a type of magic you don't recognize—"
"Stay here if you are afraid," Naitachal cut in, but there wasn't any sting in the words; his voice was
distracted, attention all on whatever lay before him. Without even glancing Kevin's way, he continued
stalking.
"Oh, right. Let you walk blindly into peril. Of course," Kevin muttered, and followed.
But all at once Naitachal stopped, so abruptly Kevin nearly crashed right into him. "Look at that!"
the Dark Elf hissed. "Look! Do you see it?'
Kevin stared. "See... what? It's a perfectly normal glade."
"Look!" Naitachal insisted impatiently.
"All I see that's at all unusual is a—a faint shimmering in the air. And I'm not even sure I see that.
Naitachal, stop playing games. What am I supposed to be seeing?"
