Page 31

'The shimmering is exactly it! What you see is a Gate!"
"A... gate."
Naitachal shot him a quick glance that said, plainly as words, oh, you ignorant human! "A Gate, a
sorcer-ous portal through time and space. Although..."he added thoughtfully, taking an intrigued step
forward, "I admit I've never seen one quite like this." Kevin could almost have sworn he saw his friend's
elegantly pointed ears prick forward. Fascinated as a hunting hound on a scent, the Dark Elf continued
forward, eyes intent on what was clearly more than just a vague shim-meringtohim.
"It feels highly experimental," Naitachal commented after a moment, then stiffened. "Ae, yes, and
alarmingly unstable!"
Oh, wonderful. And yet the elf showed every sign of wanting to investigate the thing more closely.
And he thinks humans are foolish! Kevin bit his lip nervously, wanting nothing so much as to get out
of there this very moment. But he could hardly abandon his friend—foolishness or not—so he reluctantly
hurried forward to grab Naitachal by the arm. "Uh, don't you think we should move back just a bit?"
But just then Naitachal cried in sudden alarm, "Rualath!"
"Who?"
"Never mind! Unstable magic, weird design—it has to be her work! Hurry, Kevin, we must get
away from here before—"
"D-don't think I can..." Kevin murmured in misery. "Gods... I'm dizzy... suddenly so dizzy."
"Yes, of course you are. You're only human, you can't stand the sorcerous aura of a Nithathil Gate.
Come, Kevin, hold fast. I'll help you out of range—Kevin!"
Somehow he had lost his grip on Naitachal's arm. Somehow he couldn't find the elf or the right way
to move, and sky and forest were swirling crazily about him. Either the ground was stirring as well, or
else he was stumbling like a man drunk beyond standing.
I c-carit move, I have to sit down, lie down...
But suddenly a wild shimmering of magic was all around him, bright enough for even a human to see.
The Gate! Kevin realized with a terrified flash of clarity. I'm going to fall through it!
He heard Naitachal shout in despair, "Kevin!" And then he was hurtling through the Gate—
—and landing with jarring force in an unfamiliar stretch of forest.
Where am I? Where's NaitachalP
Exhausted, dazed, and terrifyingly alone, Kevin made one valiant attempt to stand. But then his legs
gave out under him, his senses swam sickeningly, and he collapsed.
Chapter IX The Hunters
Lydia, once free wanderer, now commander-in-chief of Count Kevin s troops, stood in her office, a
plain, stone-walled room furnished with a plain, comfortable chair and a simple table littered with military
reports, and glared at the nervous soldier. "What do you mean, there's no sign of them! They're two
grown men, Kevin and Naitachal, even if one of 'em s an elf. They can't just have disappeared!"
"Sorry, Commander. We searched, dogs and all. But there wasn't so much as a footprint to be seen,
just like before, and not a hound could get a decent scent."
He had no reason to lie. Lydia sighed and waved him away. "Go get some food and drink for you
and your troop. And get something for the hounds, too."
Alone, she ran a hand roughly through her curly black hair. Where were Kevin and Naitachal?
When they hadn't returned after that first night, she'd sent out men to look for them, no matter how
foolish D'Krikas might have thought her. But the men had come back—as had each successive
troop—without so much as the slightest clue.
