Page 32

"Gods, I hate this sort of thing!" she said to the air.
"Playing anxious mommy again?' asked a shrill voice from overhead. Lydia glanced sharply up to see
Tich'ki hanging in the air like a hovering insect, wings a glittery blur.
"You think I like it?" she snapped at the fairy. "Hell, if I'd wanted the role, I would have had lads of
my own!"
Tich'ki came down to a tiptoe landing on the chairback. "Miss the old days, do you?"
"What? You mean the days of wandering about without a place to call home? Not really. No more
than do you. Let's face it, Tich'ki, no matter how much fun it is to wander around without any ties to
anyone, it's really good to have a home, friends."
"And responsibilities."
"Blast it, yes. In the old days, I didn't have to be responsible for anyone but myself!" Lydia
shrugged. "Even nowadays it's not too bad. The guards I head up are usually smart enough to take care
of themselves; they wouldn't have gotten hired otherwise."
"But then there's Kevin."
"Yeah, right," Lydia muttered. "Then there's Kevin. Where the hell is he?"
Tich'ki shrugged. "Who knows? He's a human. Never can tell what one of your folks are going to
do. Thought that Dark Elf had more sense than to get lost, though."
"I hope they're only lost!" Lydia stared at the fairy, who took wing in alarm. "Come on, Tich'ki, you
can't tell me you're not worried, too."
"Why should I be? They're big boys, both of them. They can take care of themselves."
"Uh-huh. Unless Naitachal's gone back to his bad old ways."
"As a Necromancer, you mean? Not a chance. He's much too happy as a Bard to do something so
stupid." But then Tich'ki paused, hanging almost motionless in the air, only her busy wings blurring with
iridescent color. "Unless..." she began thoughtfully.
"Unless what?"
"Unless maybe his kin is after him?"
"Oh, great," Lydia groaned. "Just what I needed, something else to worry about!"
Tich'ki darted down to tousle her hair, grinning at Lydia s annoyed swipe as she quickly whirred
back up out of reach. "Forget it, Lydia. If they haven't been able to snare Naitachal in the past four years,
they're not going to catch him now."
"Sure. Of course. Then where is he? And where is Kevin?" Lydia started pacing, then stopped
short. "Oh hell, I give up! I don't care what anybody says: I'm going after them."
"Just like that, huh? What about your duties here?"
Lydia stared up at the fairy. "Since when have you developed a sense of responsibility?"
Tich'ki shrugged, plainly embarrassed. "I like it here." Then she swooped sharply down to pinch
Lydia's arm. "But don't think that makes me soft!"
"Not a chance of that," the woman muttered, rubbing her arm. "Yeah, I guess I should stay here and
'mind the shop,' as the saying goes. But, dammit, Tich'ki, someone's got to get Kevin back here."
Besides, it's been too long since I've actually had an adventure.... No, never mind that. It's Kevin you've
got to think about, only him.
Hurrying to the doorway, Lydia yelled for a guard. "Get Captain Sandroc in here now!" As soon as
that grizzled veteran entered, Lydia began snapping out orders: "I want you to get together a troop of
guards with forest experience, five to ten of 'em, and I want 'em ready to march out in two turns of the
hourglass. "
Sandroc must have wondered what his commander-in-chief was up to, but he saluted smartly
enough and hurried to obey without question. And in an admirably short time he was back, saluting again.
"The men are ready to march at your orders."
"Fine." Nothing like an old soldier for efficiency. Lydia had taken advantage of the brief interval to
slip into her old leather armor. It was admittedly getting rather on the worn and battered side but it fit her
body so comfortably she hadn't even considered replacing it. Sword a familiar weight at her side, bow
and quiver slung over one shoulder, Lydia called to Sandroc, "You're in charge here till I return."
