Page 33

The soldier didn't show by the slightest quiver of a muscle that he was surprised. Weatherbeaten
face totally impassive, Sandroc asked only, "Might I ask where you're going, ma'am?"
'To find Count Kevin." And bring him home even if 7 have to haul him back by his ear!
"You see?" the tracker said plaintively, glancing up from the foresty ground on which he crouched.
"Somebody must have stopped here in this glade pretty recently, because there are still some traces of
hoof-prints and signs that two human bodies—or maybe one human and one elf—rested here. See how
the grass is all disturbed? They were travelling fairly lightly, judging from how shallow the prints are, and
at a guess I'd say they were both young and slender, or at least moved with the ease of young men."
"Yes, of course," Lydia said impatiently, leaning on the pommel of her horse's saddle. "I can see that
much from up here. But can't you tell if those bodies belonged to Kevin and Naitachal?"
The man shook his head in frustration. "Sorry, ma'am, but there's no way to tell that, or even if the
hoofprints were left by the horses Count Kevin took from the stable. And as to where they went..." The
tracker shrugged. "We can follow 'em through the forest all right; the horses broke off enough branches
as they passed to have left a clear trail. But we can't be sure we'd be following the right folks."
Lydia jumped down from her horse. She was a fine tracker in her own right, but after only a short
while she straightened with a sigh, reluctantly admitting the man was quite right. Without magic, there
wasn't any way to prove just who'd stopped here. Wonderful to follow the trail all day and find out we'd
wasted time trailing two common minstrels. You'd think Kevin would have been thoughtful enough to
leave a scrap of cloak or a broken lute string or something, she thought in disgust. "All right, I'm open to
suggestions. Where could the two of them have gone?"
"Where do you think?' asked a sharp little voice from overhead. As Lydia glanced up, Tich'ki darted
out from among the trees like a dragonfly. Hovering, sunlight sparkling off her wings, she shrugged. "I
couldn't stand waiting at home, either."
"Oh, right. What about your duties?"
Tich'ki shrugged again, obviously annoyed at Lydia's prodding. "Oh, I think D'Krikas can manage
without me for a short time," she said drily. "Besides, did you really think you could go off on an
adventure without me?"
Aware of the soldiers staring at them, Lydia muttered, "It isn't an adventure, dammit, it's a mission.
Now, where do you think Kevin's gone?"
The fairy swooped down to a landing on Lydia's shoulder, steadying herself, nearly weightless as a
bird, by grabbing a handful of hair in one small fist. "Where do you think? The kid's a romantic, always
has been; all of those Bards are. Ha, and that includes our music-loving Dark Elf pal as well."
"Oh, they wouldn't have—ow!"
Tich'ki had given her hair a painful tug. Launching herself into the air too quickly for Lydia to swat
her, the fairy said over her shoulder, "You bet they have! The two of them have gone off to see our
Kevin's prospective bride. Don't believe me? Follow me and I'll prove I'm right!"
Lydia hesitated a moment, wondering. If she followed Tich'ki, and this turned out to be nothing but
one of the fairy's unpredictable pranks, she was going to look like a fool in front of her men. But without
any other clues, there really wasn't anything else to do but follow.
To Lydia's relief, Tich'ki brought them straight to Count Trahern's castle. As the woman looked up
at the massive walls, she heard the fairy whisper in her ear, "Done my bit. Your turn now."
At Lydia's signal, one of the soldiers, a fellow with a voice loud as a trumpet, called up to the castle
guards to let them in. Rather to Lydia's surprise (she wouldn't have let strangers in so easily), at the
mention of Count Kevin's name, the gates swung open as if by magic.
Well now, looks like Tich'ki was right. Kevin must have made quite an impression on these people!
Even more to Lydia's surprise, as she and her men clattered into the cobbled courtyard, a tall, richly
dressed man who could be none other than Count Trahern himself came down from his keep to meet
them.
As the man came closer, Lydia froze, staring at that elegant figure with its dark hair so fetchingly
touched with silver and its strong, finely planed face, and heard something deep within her say softly, Oh.
My. And a more irreverent corner of her mind chattered, Mommy, buy me one of those! Count Trahern
