Page 34

didn't look like the sort of fellow who knew how to relax easily, but she was secretly delighted to spy a
startled little glint in his eyes that said he, too, was pleased with what he saw.
Even if I'm in this old armor of mine and probably reek of horse. Well, well, isn't this interesting!
First things first, though. "My lady," the count said politely, even though Lydia knew there wasn't the
slightest thing ladylike about her right now, "might I ask if Count Kevin has sent you?"
"Kevin!" Lydia exclaimed in shock. "No—he—I thought he was here!"
"He was here," Count Trahern corrected, frowning slightly, "but he left some time ago."
"And, uh, what about your daughter?"
The frown deepened. "As far as I know, my daughter is off at the shrine of Saint Verdain."
"Or... is she?" Lydia wondered. "Look, I'll be honest: I came here looking for Kev—ah, Count
Kevin, because he never came home, neither he nor his Bard friend. And before you interrupt," she
added, hastily holding up a hand, "no, we found no signs of violence anywhere between his castle and
yours."
"I... see."
"Uh, I don't mean to bring up anything delicate, but... well... could you tell me if anything...
happened?"
"Happened."
"Between Count Kevin and your daughter—"
"Count Kevin and Gwenlyn," the count said flatly, "disliked each other from first sight. They both
made that most painfully clear."
"Oh."
"So if you are trying to imply that the two of them threw off their proper responsibilities and went
running off together in some burst of childish exuberance, pray forget it."
"Unless..." Lydia stopped with a sigh. "Look you, Count Trahern, we're both adults. We both know
there's that proverbial fine line between love and hate. I don't mean to worry you, but are you sure your
daughter's gone to Saint Verdain's?"
"No, curse it, now I am not sure at all." Count Trahern paused a moment, then snapped at his
servants, "Prepare my fastest horse. Yes, yes, the grey will do. Gather me an armed escort as well."
Turning to Lydia, he bowed curtly. "My lady, I know you and your men have had little chance to rest, but
I think we had best ride to the shrine ourselves, just in case."
"Just in case," Lydia agreed, trying her best to ignore Tich'ki, who was hidden in the wilderness of
her hair, whispering, "Bet our boy's having a good time rolling around with the girl right now! Just like you
wanna do with her daddy!"
Damn the fairy! And if she was right and that was what Kevin really was doing, getting them all
terrified for nothing—well, then, damn that little Bard for an idiot, too!
"Come, Count Trahern," she said grimly, "let's ride."
Chapter X In The Greenwood
The day was edging towards late afternoon, judging from the angle of the sunlight filtering down
through the thick ceiling of leaves. Gwen, sitting rumpled and uncomfortable on the forest floor where
she'd been unceremoniously dropped, watched the bandits moving about the mingy little campfire they
were building and nervously told herself not to be a fool.
They look nasty, but they won't hurt you. You heard their leader: "undamaged" goods are worth
more. Gwenlyn wasn't naive; she knew exactly what that "undamaged" meant. Father will probably be
furious about this whole thing; he probably won't want to let me out of his sight again till the day I'm safely
