Page 35

married off. But that's better than being dead or... or anything else. Of—of course he'll ransom me. And
of course none of these scum will hurt me till he does.
But did they have the patience to wait that long? Their leader, a tall, skinny fellow who looked as
though he didn't have one sound tooth in his head, wasn't exactly an awe-inspiring hero out of legend.
Gwenlyn doubted he would hold the others in line very long if they didn't agree.
And those others weren't any more heroic in appearance. Gwenlyn glanced from a thin, poxy-faced
boy to an older man whose dark, narrow face was crossed by a livid white scar to a man of
indeterminate age who had the nervous, cruel eyes of a predator. Catching this man staring back at her,
Gwenlyn hastily looked away, and heard him chuckle. None of the others looked any more civilized; far
from it. Gods, what filthy, half-starved, desperate-looking creatures these were!
And if I live long enough to hear a minstrel ever dare sing of noble outlaws again—
Bah! There was nothing of a minstrel's romances about this group: they had all the charm of scruffy
wild things frantic enough from living with daily fear and want to be dangerous. They'd attack out of sheer
panic.
Or out of sheer malice. That cruel-eyed fellow was watching her again, still chuckling softly,
mindlessly, to himself, and Gwenlyn fought down a shudder. If only there'd been a woman or two among
the group, she thought, she might feel at least a touch more at ease, because that would mean a settled
band with at least a shred of civilized organization about it. But these men looked far too desperate to
have even thought of forming such a band.
And would such creatures really be able to keep themselves in check? Would they really be able to
wait long enough for a ransom to be paid? Would they even want to wait?
Oh, dear gods. Gwenlyn shrank into the shelter of her ragged cloak, fiercely refusing to let any fear
show on her face but all at once more terrified than she'd ever been in her life. She was alone in the
middle of the forest with these wretched creatures, totally at their mercy. There was nothing to stop them
from doing whatever they wanted—
Stop that. Start panicking now and you may as well tell them to cut your throat now.
Which they'd do after they'd had their fun. Grimly Gwenlyn forced herself to come to grips with
reality. The idea of a ransom was all nice and civilized, something to be arranged between noble foes, not
with ragged men like these, ruthless simply because they had nothing left to lose. No, she couldn't sit
around waiting for a messenger to arrive with payment She didn't dare.
And, Gwenlyn thought with a flash of spirit, damned if I'm going to be stupid enough to try waiting
for some gallant to miraculously show up to rescue me!
So. She had to get out of this herself. Gwenlyn swallowed drily, struggling to squash her growing
panic. Think, she told herself fiercely. Think, dammit! What advantages do you have?
All right. Start with the most obvious things. Her riding clothing was good, sturdy stuff. An asset: she
wasn't going to freeze. Her boots were reasonably suited for walking. Another asset. But she had no
weapons, not even a belt knife, and no means of making fire. That was most certainly not good.
Wait, now. Gwenlyn, subtly moving her hands under cover of the cloak, froze suddenly, realizing for
the first time that the bandits had done a sloppy job of binding her arms. And they hadn't thought to
bother tying her feet. After all, they must have reasoned, where would she go while they were all wide
awake to watch her?
Awake. Gwenlyn felt a little shock run through her, a little spark of memory. When she'd been a
small child, missing her mother, too lonely to fall asleep, her old nurse (who, it was rumored, had a drop
or two of elven blood) used to sing an odd little melody, the tiniest of magic charms, to make her sleep. It
had worked every time, whether Gwenlyn had wanted to sleep or not. And one day, when Gwenlyn was
a bit older, her nurse had taught her the tune and words.
I haven't needed them for years. Can I possibly remember them? And oh, can they possibly be
strong enough to work on grown men?
No way to know without trying. Doing her best to ignore the bandits, more of whom seemed to be
staring at her with every moment, Gwenlyn tried to put herself back into the mind of the child she'd been,
listening to her nurse, hearing... hearing what? A trace of melody. Something like this... yes.
