Page 36

"Hey!" someone snouted. "Stop that stupid humming!"
A rough hand slapped her, hard enough to send Gwenlyn sprawling, tears of pain and shock
springing to her eyes. Someone chuckled. Someone else started to laugh, then fell to coughing, harsh,
ugly sounds that probably meant the onset of lung disease. Struggling back to a sitting position, Gwenlyn
hastily wiped her eyes dry: dangerous to show signs of weakness to wild beasts. And obviously the
bandits' idea of "unharmed" didn't include a little rough handling.
But I have the melody in my mind now. At least 7... think I do. Now, if only I can remember the
words, too!
They never had made too much sense to her; presumably they were human corruptions of elven
words. But she'd better think of them, and think fast, because from the smoldering light in the bandits'
eyes, they thought the idea of slapping a noblewoman about was a fine bit of fun. "Lessen spring, fashion
ring..." No, no, that wasn't right! "Lessen spring, fleshen sing Yes, that was it, and—and—oh gods, she
had the rest of the song now, too!
One of the bandits was getting to his feet, muttering something to the others that made them snicker.
Seeing him starting towards her, Gwenlyn hastily began to sing. No, wait, her nurse had always sung the
charm at a slow, deliberate pace. Even though every nerve was shouting at her to hurry because the
bandit was coming dangerously close, Gwenlyn slowed her song as much as she dared.
And to her delighted astonishment, as she sang the nonsensical, Powerful words, she felt a small,
oddsome-thing stir in the air between them. The bandit stopped suddenly to give an enormous yawn.
'Yes, oh yes, it's working!
As Gwenlyn continued her song, the man sat down where he'd stood, blinking ather like a
bewildered, sleepy owl. The other bandits were yawning and blinking, too, and as Gwenlyn, hardly
daring to believe what was happening, kept singing, repeating the charm over and over, they dropped off,
one by reluctant one, into slumber. Even though by now she was thoroughly sick of the silly words,
Gwenlyn sang the whole song through one more time just to be on the safe side, then fell silent, staring in
astonishment at the crumpled heaps of snoring men.
It—it worked! I don't believe it!
Yes, but she was no trained spellcaster, and whatever magic was in the song was slight at best. It
wasn't going to hold a whole group of grown men for very long. Gwenlyn fumbled with the ropes holding
her till she'd squirmed free, and scrambled to her feet, glancing quickly about the forest. Gods, she hadn't
the vaguest idea of which way to go!
No time to worry about it. Already one of the bandits stirred in his sleep as though he was about to
wake up. Gwenlyn turned and ran. Ohgods, theyreaOywerewakmg up behind her! Hie tiny spell had run
its course already.
"She bespelled us!" a frightened voice cried.
"Never mind that!" someone else snapped. "She's getting away!"
"Let her!"
"No, you idiot! Want a witch loose in the forest to get revenge on us?"
With a roar of fear and fury, they started after her. Terrified, Gwenlyn raced on. She couldn't find a
safe place to hide, not with them so close behind her. All she could do was run with all her might, and
pray she wouldn't break an ankle or her neck!
How am I going to get out of this? she wondered. Dear gods, how am I ever, ever going to escape?
Rualath hissed in fury. But her rage was bluster; she was struggling to cover the cold terror seizing
her heart.
The Gate Spell, the risky, experimental, not-tested-enough Gate Spell, had gone wrong, wrong! It
had nearly caught its prey, but "nearly" was as useless—as dangerous!—as a clean miss. Somehow
Naitachal had eluded the Gate, somehow he had escaped.
Rualath clenched the scrying crystal so fiercely the facets nearly cut into her hands. Who would have
predicted a—SL—human would interfere? When he had passed through the Gate instead, curse him to
the Utter Dark, the fragile spell had shattered like a mirror. Shards of its magic were spiralling wildly out
and out, fracturing into ever smaller, ever more chaotic Gates spilling throughout the forest! If the whole
