Page 37

thing hadn't been of such vital importance to her, Rualath knew she would have been watching the
disintegration in pure scientific fascination. How incredible! Those ever-changing Chaos Gates were
confusing distance and direction throughout the forest in such unpredictable fashion. Anyone or anything
passing through one of them would be thrown into odd, random teleportation jumps.
What do I do now? How do I explain to Haralachan that my spell failed and—
"So..." purred a voice in her ear, and Rualath drew in her breath in sharp shock. Haralachan! "I
never thought your spell would cause such widespread effects."
Neither did I, curse you. "Intriguing, is it not?" Rualath said, thinking busily. "We have the chance to
weaken an entire forest."
"What a pity that isn't what you meant to do."
Rualath glanced sharply his way. "Do you question my sorceries, my lord?"
"Not the sorceries, my lady. Merely their result. Where is the traitor?"
"Ah, that."
"Where is Naitachal, Rualath?"
Where, indeed? "It would have been far too simple to just bring him straight here," Rualath bluffed.
"Oh?"
Yes, yes, she had it now: even though Naitachal might have escaped the original Gate, it had still
been set specifically for him; he must still have been weakened by it. That meant there was still a chance
one of the chaotic facets of the shattered spell would drag him in. "Indeed," Rualath said smoothly. "I
have snared him with the merest touch of my spell. And this way he knows he has been snared, yet has
the merest illusion of freedom, the merest false hope he can escape. Soon, soon I will draw him in."
Would Haralachan accept that? He was guarding his thoughts so thoroughly she couldn't sense the
faintest hint of emotion, and his face was its usual sculpted coldness. "Make it soon," the Nithathil leader
said shortly. Glancing past her at the scrying crystal, he added, "What of the human? The fool who
passed through the Gate?"
~You don't realize the Gate shattered, do you? What of the human, indeed? Studying that far-off
figure, straining every sorcerous sense to puzzle out who and what he was, Rualath felt a little shock of
realization shoot through her, and smiled a thin, cold, pleased smile. "Don't you recognize him, my lord?
That is the human Bard, the one known, I believe, as Kevin."
"The traitor's friend?" Haralachan asked incredulously. "Why, yes, it is he! And I already have a
game piece in place to snare him, and Naitachal through him. Clever, Rualath, most clever."
She hadn't the vaguest idea what he meant. But Rualath was hardly about to admit it. Well, now,
isn't this interesting? Maybe my spell hasn't failed after all!
"Come, my lord," Rualath purred, resting a long-nailed hand lightly on Haralachan's arm. "Let us
watch the game together."
They're still right behind me, Gwenlyn thought in despair. Aren't they ever going to give up? Aren't
they—
"Aie!"
It was a startled cry, because all at once the forest had shifted around her, tossing her stumbling out
into—
Into a very different part of the forest. Before, the underbrush had been dense, the trees mostly oak.
Now, impossibly, there was almost no underbrush, and pine trees towered all about.
It can't be, it can't—
But the bandits were staggering out behind her, and if they'd been determined to catch her before,
now, wild with terror, they were twice as determined to destroy the "witch" they were sure was to blame
for all this weirdness. With a sob, Gwenlyn hurried on and on and on, gasping, heart pounding so hard
she thought it would burst, snagging her hair and clothes on branches, stubbing her toes on roots or
rocks.
And, so terrifyingly unpredictable, the forest kept changing about her again and again, tossing her
into swamp or thick bushes or tall-grass meadow. The last change brought her startlingly out from dense
forest into an open world of rocky outcroppings. Blinking in the sudden bright sunlight, glancing back
