Page 38

over her shoulder, Gwenlyn saw the bandits still close behind, following her now with blind determination:
By now, Gwenlyn realized with a sob, she was the only unchanging fact in their lives; they were never
going to let her escape.
I—I can't run any more, I just can't.
But what else could she do? To fall into the hands of men gone completely mad from fear would be
to die. Yet ahead was nothing but rock and—and—
A hive! Oh yes, please, yes, that cave-like opening was just too smooth and round to be natural. It
had to be the entrance to an Arachnia hive—yes, yes, thank you gods, she could see two of the
nonhumans, guards as fierce as any predators, prowling back and forth. Maybe someone else might find
them a terrifying sight, but Gwenlyn had grown up with the sight of Arachnia merchants visiting her father.
She'd quickly learned that even though the beings might look frightening, they were quite polite, even
kindly, to those who treated them with honor. As her father had always treated them.
They used to bring me honey candy. But—but that was a different hive from this. At least I think so.
Will they know my father here?
It didn't matter, Gwenlyn told herself. She'd much rather take her chances among unfamiliar
Arachnia than human bandits! Forcing her weary body forward, she gasped to the soldiers, "I—I am
Gwenlyn, d-daugh-ter of—of Count Trahern, and—and oh, I ask for sanctuary!"
The guards, who had frozen in postures of startled menace, their powerful, segmented arms raised,
hastily turned to chitter to each other, glancing her way with sharp, insectile jerks of their heads,
segmented eyes studying her. Suddenly they shot back into their fierce defensive poses as the bandits
broke out of cover.
"Oh, hurry, please," Gwenlyn moaned.
"Yes," one Arachnia soldier said crisply. "We know of your father."
"Yes," said the other. "Enter. We cannot promise you sanctuary; that is for our Queen to decide. But
we give you leave to speak with her."
With a sob of relief, Gwenlyn dove into the hive. The Queen might not like having a human in her
hive, the Queen might not give her sanctuary—but at least for the moment she was safe!
Chapter XI The Maid Of The Forest
Kevin groaned. Slowly he felt consciousness stealing back into him, which wasn't a totally good
thing, because it was letting him feel exactly how sore his body seemed to be, as though someone had
very deliberately beaten every bit of him, then dropped him down on...
On what? Where was he? In a moment, he'd have to open his eyes and find out, but right now it
seemed far easier to just lie still and try to puzzle things out.
The last thing he remembered was staggering out into forest that hadn't looked at all like the patch
he'd just left. The Gate... yes. He'd fallen through some sort of sorcerous Gate. But surely he couldn't
possibly be lying cradled against something wonderfully soft, something wonderfully sweet-scented....
What was this? Kevin came fully awake and aware— and found himself lying in the arms of the
most beautiful young woman he had ever seen. For a breathless moment he simply stared, upside down,
at a fine-boned, narrow face, the skin pale and flawlessly smooth, framed by long, silken golden hair.
Elegantly slanted eyes, the most extraordinary, glowing shade of green, looked tenderly down at him.
"I've died," he murmured at last. 'That's it. I've died and gone to the Hereafter. Never thought I'd
warrant my own angel." Ugh. You sound like a melodramatic minstrel
But the young woman didn't seem to mind the overblown language. Her laugh was sweet as silver
bells. "I am not an angel."
