Page 39

No, Kevin realized with a shock, and she wasn't human, either! "You're an elf," he gasped in sudden
wonder, seeing the delicately pointed ears peeking out from the mass of golden hair. He twisted free (not
without a pang of regret) to look at her rightside up: the view was even nicer this way around. "You're a
White Elf."
"And you," she answered with a tiny smile, "are a human."
Oh, what a lovely voice this was, soft and shy and filled with the most wonderful music! (And, a
more rational part of his mind added in wild relief, to find a White Elf here, a member of a race that was
the very opposite of Darkness, meant that wherever the sor-cerous Gate might have thrown him, now,
surely, he was safe.) "Uh, I'm Kevin," he remembered to say after a moment more of mindless staring,
adding as a stunned sort of afterthought, "a Bard."
"A Bard!" she cried in delight. "I've never met a human Bard before. Oh, but I'm forgetting courtesy:
my name is Amaranthia."
That was all? It was a charming name, Kevin thought, but as far as he knew (and he admitted he
didn't know all that many of her race), elves always included their clan name in introductions. But this
charming young woman was plainly too shy to boast. Or maybe she came from a humble clan. Well, he
could understand her modesty, being of common blood himself; he wasn't going to push her about her
clan or anything else, or—
Oh, stop that. You sound like a babbling idiot. But... she is so very fair... "You... ah... live around
here?" Now there's an inane thing to say! Why not ask her for her birth sign, too!
Amaranthia didn't seem to mind. "No. And I—I don't think you do, either."
"Hardly. I got here by—well, I think what I did was pass through some sort of Gate."
Her eyes widened. "So! That would explain it. I found you lying here unconscious, surrounded by
the oddest residue of magic." She shuddered most deli-ciously. "Dark magic."
"I didn't have anything to do with that," he assured her hastily.
"Oh, I know that. There isn't anything of Darkness about you."
For an instant her clear green eyes looked right into his own. Kevin froze, unable to look away, not
really wanting to. Eliathanis, he thought without warning, my poor deadfriend, what would you think of a
human daring to—to do whatever it is I'm doing or... going to do... with one of your own people's
women?
The White Elf would probably frown on the whole thing. Or else give Kevin a polite little smile and
lecture him all about chivalry.
The last thing Kevin wanted to be right now was chivalrous. But Amaranthia was so plainly a
gently-bred maiden—albeit of a magical, nonhuman race—that even though his body was screaming at
him to seize her here and now, he found himself saving with a polite restraint that rather amazed him, "I'm
glad you know I'm not of the Darkness. I could never be anything that might hurt you."
Oh, gods, you sound like a lovesick poet!
She didn't seem to mind that, either. Blushing ever so slightly, Amaranthia lowered her gaze. "I—I've
never met anyone quite like you."
Ah well, go ahead. Be sappy. She seems not to mind your silly babblings. "Nor I, you," Kevin
murmured tenderly.
"I... no. It's too foolish."
"What is?"
"We've only just met, and in such strange surroundings, too. We don't know each other at all. And
yet..."
"And yet?" Kevin prodded.
"And yet I think I would like the chance to—to know you a little better."
"Oh, so would I!" It was a heartfelt cry. Kevin edged towards her, as cautious as if she was a bird
that would fly if he moved too quickly. Amaranthia never moved, save to shyly veil her green eyes with
long golden lashes.
"I've never been so close to a human before," she murmured, the faintest of blushes coloring her fair
cheeks a delicate pink once more. "Is it true what the elves say about your kind?"
