Page 40

If he moved just a fraction more, he would be able to put his arm around her, and then... "What do
they say?"
She glanced innocently up at him. "That you all are very hot-blooded. Quick to mate. Like the
animals."
Kevin straightened indignantly. "We are not!" he began, then stopped short because Amaranthia was
giggling. "You were teasing me!"
"Forgive me. I—" But suddenly Amaranthia stiffened. "Oh, Kevin," she whispered, "I sense more
hints of the Darkness. I don't like this forest."
It looked perfectly normal to Kevin. There were even the ordinary little cheeps and chirps that
meant the bird life wasn't being disturbed by intruders. "What is it? What do you sense? Specifically, I
mean."
She shook her head. "It's gone now. I'm probably being silly. I admit it, I'm not used to being out on
my own. In fact, if my clan knew where I was, and with whom..." Amaranthia's voice trailed off as she
studied Kevin, and her green gaze brightened. "Why don't you come back with me?"
"To your clan? Uh, is that such a good idea?"
"They—they don't really dislike humans, they just don't know your kind very well. I'm sure you
could charm them over in a moment. And—and we'd have a chance to spend some better time together."
Oh, he wanted to say yes, he wanted that so very much! To Kevin's horror, he heard himself saying
instead, "I'm sorry." Oh, you idiot, what are you doing? "I'm a count as well as a Bard." No, no, no, don't
be so stupidly honorable, not now! "And, well, I just can't up and abandon my duties at home. I am
sorry," oh, I am, I am, "but before I can even think of anything else I must find my friend, and then—"
Amaranthia straightened. "Your friend? Who is he? A human like you?"
"Uh, no," Kevin said warily, a little puzzled at her sudden sharp interest. "He's a Bard like me, but...
ah... he's an elf."
"A White Elf? What clan?"
Oh. Now what? "He isn't exactly a White Elf," Kevin hedged.
"What else could he be? Kevin, what are you trying to say?"
"I... well..."
"You're not going to tell me he's a—a Dark Elf?"
"Well..."
"Oh no," she laughed, "he can't possibly be that! It would be too ridiculous, a Nithathili Bard."
"Ridiculous or not," Kevin admitted, "a Dark Elf is exactly what he is. But Naitachal's not evil!" he
added hastily as Amaranthia scrambled to her feet in horror. "Please, don't be afraid! Neither one of us
are allied with Darkness. He's no longer a Necromancer, honestly! I know it sounds weird, but Naitachal
really is a Bard."
"That's impossible," Amaranthia said flatly.
Ah. He should have expected this. She had all the standard White Elf prejudices against Naitachal's
kind, just as Eliathanis had originally had. "But he—"
"No!" Amaranthia said sharply. "I won't listen. No Nithathil has any music, everybody knows that.
And they're all followers of the Darkness, every one of them. I've never heard of one who would even
think about turning to the light."
She was shrinking slowly away, as though she meant to run if he made one wrong move. "Oh,
please," Kevin cried, "don't go!"
He tried to get to his feet—but as suddenly as that, such a wild wave of dizziness swept over him
Kevin couldn't even see straight. As he fell back to one knee, struggling not to be sick or faint outright,
Amaranthia gave a soft cry of dismay and knelt at his side, her arm going gently about his shoulders. "It's
all right," she soothed. "Merely aftereffects of that strange, strange Gate Spell. Nothing to worry about."
"I... I can't..."
"Don't be afraid. Just lie back down. Put your head in my lap. That's right. All you need to do is
rest... just rest a little more... just rest a little more..."
Her hand was softly stroking his brow, so gently, so very gently. That, and the croon of her quiet
