Page 41

voice sent Kevin spiralling helplessly off into slumber.
As Amaranthia watched Kevin sleep, her lovely face slowly lost its light, going cold and hard. The
little fool! Did he really think she was so—so vapid? Did he really think she would ever be attracted to
someone like him? A filthy human—and a Bard! All her people— her former people, Amaranthia
corrected flatly— would fall all over him, begging him to play for them.
She shuddered at the thought of that music. They all, every one of the White Elves but she, swore
that this thing called music was wonderful, one of the finest things in all the world.
How can they be such fools?
She could never understand them, never! Amaranthia knew, after long, tedious years among the
White Elves, that there was nothing to this music they raved over but sounds—ugly, meaningless sounds,
painful sounds that forever surrounded her no matter how she tried to escape them.
Music is nothing, nothing! And anybody who claims otherwise is either a liar or—or a self-deluding
idiot!
Ae, and the life surrounding that stupid, ugly music was just as tedious: no real Power, no real
excitement, just a peaceful, timid day-after-day of following only the way of that pale, insipid Light.
Where was the challenge in it? Where was the fun in something that dull? In never risking everything there
was or knowing the triumph of escaping disaster again and again?
Amaranthia shook her head impatiently. Not one of her clan—her former clan—sought adventure,
not as she saw adventure. Not one of them dared try even the slightest of spells that might bring them
even the smallest of steps away from that boring light.
None, Amaranthia thought with a little thrill of delight, save she. Oh, granted, she had no intention of
ever going so far that she would become truly enthralled to the Darkness. That was never going to
happen; she was too wise for such a thing. But it was so exciting to see how perilously close she could
come to the edge! Besides, there were those who dwelt in the Darkness who could teach her how to
thrive on their wild, chaotic life, those who, most wonderfully, knew nothing of the dull Light—or that
stupid, boring, painful, meaningless music!
Amaranthia snatched up the pretty blue crystal pendant she wore on a delicate golden chain. But as
she held it, the pretty surface darkened to a plain muddy grey. The greyness cleared as she murmured
certain twisting Words.
"Ah, Amaranthia," purred a voice.
She smiled. "My Lord Haralachan," said Amaranthia and bowed. "Have I done well?"
"Very well, Amaranthia. The human suspects nothing?"
"Nothing."
"So..." The image in the crystal was small, distorted by the gem's facets, but Amaranthia could still
make out Haralachan s cold smile. "You know, of course, who he is."
"Yes, my lord. This human Bard, this... Kevin, is a friend of the traitor Naitachal. He told me this
himself."
"Exactly. A friend." Haralachan said the word with careless disdain. "Bard or not, a human shall be
far easier to control than a Nithathil Necromancer."
A Necromancer? "B-but isn't he a Bard now, too?" Amaranthia asked hesitantly, nervous about
correcting the Nithathil Lord. "Didn't he forswear Necromancy?"
To her relief, then her alarm, she heard Haralachans chuckle, a chill, mirthless sound. "Do you really
think he has forsworn such immense Power?" the Dark Elf asked. "For what? For music?" Voice
dripping with scorn, he used the White Elf word, there being, Amaranthia knew, no Nithathil equivalent.
"No. No one abandons Power willingly. No matter what he claims, Naitachal is still very much a
Necromancer. He can be nothing else. But that fact will not save him: I have conquered Necromancers
ere this, as has my dear consort. With the traitors human friend in our caverns, ah, then we shall surely
lure Naitachal to us. And then," Haralachan added with delicate, cruel relish, "we shall see that he meets
a traitor's fate." He paused, eyebrows raised. "Why, what is this, Amaranthia? Shivers? Are you afraid,
Amaranthia?"
"Of course not, my lord," she lied hastily. "But, my lord, what now? What am I to do?"
