Page 42

"Now, my pale little one, I send out guards to help you bring Kevin into our realm. You shall wait,
and do nothing else save disappear when it seems discreet. Do you understand me, my Amaranthia?"
She bowed again in seeming submission, but her heart was racing at the thrill of danger, at the
knowledge that one wrong word could bring his wrath down on her. "Yes, my lord," Amaranthia
murmured, and smiled in secret delight.
Chapter XII At Sword's Point
He stirred slowly, rolling over on his back, staring blankly up at a shifting canopy of green. What
was that? Leaves? Forest? Where was he? Who was he? If he tried to catch fast to memory it seemed
that he could almost puzzle out...
No. It was gone. He wearily raised an arm, turning it this way and that, studying it as though he'd
never seen it before, hunting for a clue. Smooth, dark skin, a long, tapering hand... an elegant hand, the
hand of a sorcerer... no, why should he think that? It was a musician's hand, someone had once called it
that, a perfect musician's hand, and thinking that felt better than thinking of sorcery....
Music, yes... there was something about music....
Ah, no. He couldn't hold on to that, either. But now he could feel that something was lying beside
him. He reached out one hand (a musician's hand... ) and touched strings, heard a silvery trill of sound—
A harp. It was a harp. His harp. He turned his head slowly, fighting dizziness, to stare at the harp,
knowing it, knowing...
Bard. Something about... yes. He was a Bard. He was...
Ae, yes. He was Naitachal. Naitachal, and the Gate, the weird, chaotic Gate had been set for him,
by... by Rualath.
Yes. Now he remembered. It had been impossible to fight the Gate's force; Rualath's spells had
always been eerily unique. Unless you knew the shape and name of a spell, you couldn't really fight it.
Instead, he had done the only thing he could and fled, just barely in time to escape being dragged through
the Gate into... into where? The dark caverns of his kin? It seemed very likely they'd still be hunting him.
Far too likely. Naitachal shuddered at the thought, but couldn't quite manage to focus any genuine
concern yet. He couldn't focus on any true emotion yet. Enough of that Gate's bizarre sorcery must have
brushed his mind to tear him from consciousness, and it was continuing to confuse his senses.
That must be it. He was vaguely aware of still not feeling like himself or thinking coherently; a good
deal of that sorcery must still be loose within the forest. He would probably have to do something about
it. Later.
Someone else was missing... a friend----Fighting off what felt like clouds of soft mist enfolding his
mind, Naitachal struggled to realize who that someone was:
Kevin. Kevin didn't move back when I did. I lost my hold on him. He must have been pulled right
through the Gate. He seemed to remember feeling the force of Kevin's alarm. I must find out where he is.
If Rualath gets her hands on him... I must find him first, and... and...
Ae, no. I can't do it just yet. Can't do anything yet... I'm too tired yet, just too tired....
Rualath. He must keep remembering that Rualath was hunting him. He mustn't...
But right now she obviously hadn't found him and couldn't find him, and he... just couldn't worry
about it for the moment
Cushioned on thick moss, fingers curled protectively about his harp, Naitachal slipped back into
slumber.
Kevin woke with a start, this time with mind clear and body no longer aching. But this time he found
himself lying on hard ground, one hand reflexively clutching his lute in its case. And when he raised himself
