Page 43

up on one elbow to look around, the Bard realized he was alone, surrounded by dense, silent forest.
I couldn't have dreamed her, I know she was real— "Amaranthia?" Kevin called warily. "Are you—
Amaranthia!"
A cold chuckle was his only answer. Soundlessly, the warriors stepped out of hiding, ringing him
round: warriors with silver hair, dark skin, cold, slanted eyes glittering like so many sapphires—
"Dark Elves," Kevin hissed in shock.
"Nithathili," one of them agreed sardonically, and the whole ring of them drew their swords as one,
as smoothly as though they'd rehearsed it.
Why me? What did I do? It has to be something to do with Naitachal—He wasn't exacdy about to
ask them that, or anything else; you didn't dare show anything as "soft" as confusion to Dark Elves.
Particularly not Dark Elves who had, for whatever reason, chosen you as prey. Kevin turned slowly,
looking for a gap in the perfect circle of swords, finding none. Ha, look at those cold, self-confident
faces! Did they expect him to meekly surrender? Oh, no, Kevin thought fiercely, not a chance of that!
Thanks to what bits and pieces of Nithathil life Naitachal had told him, he had a pretty good idea of how
Dark Elves treated their captives. Better, far better, to die cleanly here and now!
But I'm not going to die, dammit, not if I can help it!
Ridiculous to try drawing his sword, not while he was lying in this awkward position. But elves
wouldn't know anything about human dirty righting. The Bard got his feet under him and lunged up, under
one startled elfs sword, ramming his head into the elfs gut. As the Dark Elf doubled over, choking and
gasping, Kevin raced through the opening he'd made in the circle of swords—
But the Dark Elves could react far more swiftly than any human, smoothly closing ranks, sealing him
in again.
All right, Kevin thought, trapped, we'll try this the heroic way, and whipped out his sword. The odds
were really terrible; it was only in ballads that one man defeated a dozen in single combat. But there
wasn't anything else to do, save let himself be taken or die, so he attacked with desperate courage.
The Dark Elves grinned coolly, stepping back just out of range every time he lunged. The whole
dozen could have hacked him down in a moment or simply swarmed over him. Instead, the idea of
twelve predators against one prey was apparently rousing some sort of sadistic Nithathili delight, because
now they were choosing to close with him in little groups of one or two, toying with him, giving him
merely scratches with their blades whenever they got past his guard, never quite hurting him, simply trying
to wear him down.
And they're going to do it, too, curse them!
Straight swordplay was going to get him killed. But the Dark Elves' very cruelty, Kevin realized with
a little shock, just might give him an edge. A flash of memory:
Naitachal and he, back in his castle, trying out that new form of Bardic Magic swordplay. It had
worked back then, or almost. What if he could work it, strange and experimental though it was, here and
now? What was it we did back then? Yes, I've got it.
He had to settle into a definite rhythm, a definite sword dance, thrusting, parrying, cutting, parrying,
this foe, that foe, a definite rhythm... yes and yes and yes, he had it now, a dance, a sword dance, here
and there and here again...
Kevin wasn't quite sure what he was doing, he wasn't quite sure how to control it, he didn't even
dare think too closely about what he was doing or he'd lose the rhythm—but all at once something odd
was definitely happening. Elf after elf missed a chance to strike, elf after elf, eyes gone misty and
confused, lunged and followed through where Kevin had been a moment ago but wasn't any longer, as
though he and they were not quite sharing the same time frame. When he started a pattern, Kevin realized
in astonishment, they had to complete it, whether he was there to be struck or not!
All right, here we go. Let's see if I can get one of them to strike this way—ha, yes!
As one Dark Elf sword helplessly followed the pattern, moving out of line, Kevin thrust, feeling his
sword cut flesh, hearing a choked snarl of pain. He slashed wildly out before the pattern could loosen, hit
another target, saw the circle of foes dissolve in confusion and dove through it before the Dark Elves
could recover.
