Page 44

Unfortunately, they recovered all too quickly. Hearing them running right behind him, painfully aware
of that faster elven reaction time, Kevin ran like a mad thing, struggling to get his sword back in its
scabbard, fumbling to get the lute cord safely slung across his chest, feeling the lute whacking him in the
back as he raced on, leaping logs, dashing through underbrush, heedless of thorns scoring his flesh, rocks
bruising his feet. Gods, oh gods, he dared not stop, he dared not fall or even stumble, they were so close
behind. If one of them had any sorcery at all, he was lost; the spell would surely cut him down and—
"Ann!"
For one wild moment Kevin was sure a spell really had hit him. But no, he must have run right
through the Gate again, or a smaller, weirder cousin, because the forest had suddenly been exchanged for
open meadow, the sunlight hitting him like a blow.
Unfortunately, most of the Dark Elves had followed him through as well. Fortunately for him, though,
Nithathili eyes were darkness-adapted. Judging from the startled cries of pain he heard, the sudden
sunlight was even more of a shock for them. Of course, Kevin thought wildly as he staggered on. Even
Naitachal stitt has trouble with direct sunlight.
No time to think of Naitachal now. Kevin's lungs were beginning to burn, his legs felt like two lead
weights, but sheer desperation gave him a new burst of energy that let him open up a wide margin as his
pursuers staggered and swore behind him.
But the Dark Elves were driven by their own inner demons. Glancing over his shoulder, Kevin
groaned to see them coming after him once more, hoods pulled protectively over their eyes, running
through the open meadow like so many sprinting deer.
Blast it. Where can I—oh, not—
—again!
He'd been hurled through another fragment of the Gate Spell, back into forest dimness so suddenly it
staggered him. This time he was the one at the disadvantage because his human eyes couldn't adjust to
sudden darkness quickly enough. A Dark Elf laughed. A hand clamped roughly shut on his arm, but
Kevin drove his elbow back with all his force, hitting flesh, and heard a grunt. The hand lost its grip and
he tore free, forcing himself on, struggling through forest so dense he felt like someone caught in a
nightmare, gasping, aching, legs trembling, unable to hurry even though something monstrous was right
behind.
But the Dark Elves, quicksilver swift though they were, were still in tangible bodies; they couldn't get
through that tangled underbrush any faster than Kevin. His lead narrowed dangerously, but it remained a
lead and maybe he—
"Aie!"
He'd slipped through another shard of Gate—and suddenly there wasn't anything beneath his feet!
The forest here fell away into a sharp canyon, a river roaring far below. Sliding over the edge, Kevin
twisted desperately about, grabbing blindly at whatever he could close his hand on, roots and earth,
clawing his frantic way back up to solid land—
He made it. For a moment Kevin could do nothing but lie flat, clinging to nice, solid ground.
But he was being watched. With a moan, Kevin struggled back to his feet and found himself facing a
wall of coldly smiling Dark Elves.
Oh, damn. They must have been watching his entire struggle, waiting with inhuman patience to see if
he climbed back up or fell.
Probably enjoying it. Maybe even making bets on it, Kevin thought dourly.
For a long moment he and they simply stood staring at each other. They were, Kevin saw with a
touch of relief, almost as winded as he. Elves, though they might not admit it, could get as tired out as any
other living creatures, and all he and they could do right then was keep staring at each other and pant.
There was hardly a need for the Dark Elves to rush into action: they had him trapped against empty
space.
"Got you, human," one of them said at last, grinning.
"Like hell you have," Kevin snapped.
Only one dim hope for escape. Hastily offering up a quick prayer to Whomever was listening that
