Page 45

the river was deep enough, he jumped out into space. Wind whistled madly by his ears, the river's roar
surged up, but then suddenly—
—it wasn't, and he was landing with enough force to knock the air out of his lungs on something that
wasn't water but turned out to be a mercifully thick bed of moss. Stunned with the shock of impact and
of still being alive and on dry land, he struggled wildly up to look around.
Forest. Forest on all sides.
Kevin fell back with a groan. Another shard of Gate. He'd fallen through another shard of Gate. At
least that last desperate leap seemed to have left his pursuers far behind. Wherever "behind" might be.
Wherever "here" might be, for that matter.
For the moment, at least, he was perfectly safe.
And perfectly, totally lost.
Chapter XIII The Rational Life
The Arachnia summoned by the guards to guide her through the maze of the hive moved swiftly
forward, the seemingly awkward stiltlike legs folding and unfolding with silent, eerie grace. Gwenlyn
followed in the tall, alien figures wake, feeling hopelessly clumsy by comparison, hearing her boots
echoing loudly on the smooth earthen floor. On either side, the walls were smooth, too, hard-packed
earth like the floor, or so she guessed, but whitewashed and polished to a soft gleam, ornamented at
unpredictable intervals with intricately worked geometric reliefs. The designs meant nothing to Gwenlyn:
for all she knew, they told an epic saga of Arachnia history.
Assuming they go in for anything as dramatic as epics.
Or maybe they didn't mean anything at all. It was warm in here, but not unpleasantly so, and the air
smelled ever so faintly of the spicy scent that seemed natural to the Arachnia people; Gwenlyn wondered
how they kept the temperature so nicely uniform.
And why, for that matter? The adults I've seen in my father's castle didn't seem to mind the cold. I
guess the youngsters orlarvae or whatever the baby Arachnia are called need more warmth.
The tunnel they'd been following crossed a whole maze of others, each precisely the same width and
height. As they travelled deeper into the hive, Gwenlyn tried and failed to keep track of the maze, and
soon gave it up. She'd just have to trust to the stern Arachnia code of honor to get her out of here again.
They... would get her out again, wouldn't they?
She and her guard were passing other Arachnia now in the maze of tunnels. Although no heads
turned her way, Gwenlyn was very much aware of those great, segmented eyes watching her with cool
curiosity. But not a word was raised in greeting or protest. In fact, other than the sound of her own
footsteps, there wasn't much of anything to be heard save for a distant, atonal droning that Gwenlyn
guessed was Arachnia music, from what she'd heard from the merchants who'd visited her father.
Eerie. Alien.
Gwenlyn refused to start looking over her shoulder. Yes, she was being constantly watched; of
course she was being watched. She was the alien here. But of course she knew no one here meant her
any harm.
Or at least she knew that with the rational part of her mind. The rest of it wasn't so confident.
Gwenlyn sternly reminded herself that she never had been bothered by close places before this. And the
tunnels really weren't that close; a full-grown Arachnia stood too tall for that. But a window or even a
ceiling shaft letting in sunlight would have been oh so nice.
And without sunlight how do they get this—this quiet sort of light in here? I don't see—ah, yes. Light
globes of some type. Magical? I guess so. And—"What is it?" she asked aloud as her guide stopped
