Page 46

short, and was startled by the sound of her own voice.
"We have reached the first turning of the second corridor of the third way."
"I see. But what does that mean?"
"It means that this is the end of my district. Another guide will lead you now."
"Oh. Uh... thank you."
The two Arachnia guides chittered a moment. The second guide gestured for Gwenlyn to follow,
looking, at least to her human eyes, exactly like the first: same grey cloak, same golden gorget. But that
gorget bore a slightly different geometric pattern on it.
Status, I guess. Or different job title. Or something.
The guides changed three different times before Gwenlyn, footsore and weary, at last found herself
stopped before a great golden curtain. 'Wait here," said her latest guide, and disappeared behind the
curtain. Gwenlyn, with no other way of judging the passing of time, tried to keep track by counting, but
gave up somewhere between three hundred and three hundred and fifty heartbeats. After what might
have been a short or a long time, the guide (or one who looked exactly like him) poked a head out from
behind the curtain.
"The Queen waits beyond," he said in his precise voice. "She has given her permission. You may
enter."
"Ah, th-thank you."
The curtain was drawn aside. Gwenlyn stepped into the room beyond, then froze, suddenly too
overcome by panic to go any further. The royal chamber was smaller than she'd imagined—or maybe it
was just that the presence within would have made any room look small.
The Arachnia Queen was... vast. Not fat, Gwenlyn thought wildly, but, well, abundant, looking as
though she could bear a hundred hundred young and not be weakened. She alone of her people wore no
golden gorget or any other jewels. But then, she needed no artificial ornamentation: her own chitinous
skin was ornament enough. Where every Arachnia Gwenlyn had ever seen had skin of a shiny
grey-green, the Queen was a rainbow of iridescence. Her segmented eyes, too, shone Like
many-faceted gems, and it was only after a startled moment that Gwenlyn realized from the way her head
was turned, slanted sharply and not quite towards the girl, that she was quite blind.
The Queen didn't seem to find it a true handicap. Whether the Queen scented her or felt her body
heat, after that first moment the elegant, jewelled Arachnia face turned fully to Gwenlyn. "Enter, human
child. You shall not be harmed."
Her voice was higher than those of the Arachnia merchants Gwenlyn had known, but piercingly
sweet. Not sure if she was being foolish—after all, it wasn't as though the Queen could see her—she
made her deepest curtsy. "Your Majesty."
"Ah, a human title." Amusement tinged the sweet voice. "Come closer, human child. Sit."
A segmented arm touched the mound of silky cushions on which the Queen reclined. "As—as you
wish, Your, uh, Majesty," Gwenlyn stammered, and sat, very much aware of the Queen's scent, strong as
cinnamon, and trying not to flinch as that arm touched her hair, her face with delicate care.
"So..." the Queen mused. "You are very young. Young as my own D'Senna, my Not-Queen."
That meant nothing to Gwenlyn. "Please, Your Majesty, I—I request sanctuary."
"From those unpleasant humans lurking near the hive entrance. Yes, so my guards have told me.
They are persistent, those humans. What can you have done to them?"
"I did nothing to them," Gwenlyn said indignantly, "they tried to kidnap me!"
"Indeed. How very unpleasant. But why do they linger? Surely they know they have failed?"
The irrepressible Arachnia logic—and curiosity. Gwenlyn hesitated. "I wish this was easy to explain,
Your Majesty. But, well, strange things have been happening out there in the forest. Sorcery, I guess.
There are places now that jump you to other places without warning. And the bandits—the humans
following me— think it's all my fault."
"Nonsense. There is nothing of sorcery tainting you. You should have told them so at once."
"They were too busy trying to loll me," Gwenlyn said drily.
"Ah. Of course. I forget the violence that seems a part of human nature. It is long and long since I
