Page 47

have visited the surface world." The Queen stirred slightly on her silky cushions. "No matter how foolishly
sure you are to blame, the humans will eventually realize they are in error. Or at least that further wailing
is futile. Till then, child, you are, of course, granted sanctuary. It would hardly be logical to turn you over
to those who are ruled by illogic. D'Senna, come."
A smaller Arachnia head poked up from out of the cushions. Gwenlyn, who'd thought they were
alone in the room, started. A slim figure, her skin mostly the standard Arachnia grey-green but sporting
hints of iridescence here and there, sprang to her feet, bending her lanky body in an intricate bow.
"Mother-Queen, what would you?"
"See that our human guest is given comfortable lodging and food and drink fit for her species."
"Indeed, Mother-Queen. Come, human guest, if you would."
But as soon as they were outside the throne chamber, D'Senna cluttered in the Arachnia version of a
giggle. "You're a female human, aren't you?" At Gwenlyn s puzzled nod, the Arachnia added eagerly,
"Not an adult yet. A youngling, like me."
Her cheerful chirp made Gwenlyn smile. "I guess so. Oh, but aren't you a princess? I mean, your
mother's the Queen and—"
"Did you not hear her words? I am a Not-Queen. A—a too young, too extra fertile female."
Did that mean that most of the Arachnia were either males or neuter males and females? But there
was no mistaking the unhappiness in D'Senna's voice, so Gwenlyn admitted, "I'm sorry, but I don't
understand."
'The hive is large. There is more than enough room for our people. Were it otherwise, were we
badly crowded in this space, with too many of us too closely related, then a new Queen would be
trained, then driven off to lead some of our people out to find a new hive. But there is no need yet for a
second Queen, nor is there likely to be for many a cycle. And I am not even a second Queen! There is
an elder sister. And so," D'Senna finished with a stiff Arachnia shrug, "I have no use."
"I'm sorry," Gwenlyn said because she didn't know what else to say, and D'Senna chittered a
nervous little giggle.
"I didn't mean to put my life on yours. Come, I will find you a nice place to stay."
The room was a clean, comfortable chamber, even if the bed was, in Arachnia fashion, only a pile of
cushions, and there was no window. The walls were... white. (All the rooms in the hive seemed to be...
white.) They were ornamented with neat, precise geometric designs. (All the hive walls were ornamented
with neat, precise geometric designs.) Gwenlyn was sure the precisely worked patterns meant something
to the Arachnia, but she would have given almost anything to see a tapestry, a fresco, or anything with no
geometric designs and some good, honest color to it.
Oh, at first, Gwenlyn admitted, she had been fascinated by the orderly, quiet, clean underground
Arachnia society, in which each member knew his, her, or its role perfectly. But they were all so
incredibly, relentlessly literal-minded and logical! Head in hands, Gwenlyn mused that an Arachnia could
take the simplest statement, such as "The grain is ripe," and turn it into an intellectual study of the meaning
of "grain" and "ripe" and how one should properly harvest that grain to maximize efficiency and minimize
loss! 7 know I shouldn't complain. They've been very kind to me. But if I don't get out of here soon, I
think I'm going to go crazy!
It wasn't helping her mood that Gwenlyn had no idea how long she'd been here. The Arachnia
had—of course—a perfectly logical, precise way of marking time, but it bore no resemblance to anything
used by humans, and since they ate whenever they grew hungry (which, she mused, was all the time), she
couldn't keep track of days by the number of meals, either.
It can't have been that long, Gwenlyn thought wryly. My hair hasn't grown.
"Gwenlyn?" asked a voice suddenly, and Gwenlyn brightened. At last! The only person other than
herself who had some life about her.
"Come in, D'Senna."
The young Arachnia hurried in, folding her slender form down on the cushions beside Gwenlyn.
"They're still out there. The human bandits, I mean. They seem to be making a camp for themselves in the
forest, just out of reach of our entranceway guards, and they just will not stop watching for you."
