Page 48

"Wonderful. I've encouraged them to livea settled life."
D'Senna blinked. "That was meant as the human form of sarcasm, yes?"
Gwenlyn sighed. "It was."
"It must be very dull for you here." When Gwenlyn hesitated, not wanting to offend her host,
D'Senna added impulsively, "It is for me."
"You don't want to be a Queen, do you?"
D'Senna shuddered as much as her stiff Arachnia body would permit. "Would you? Losing your
sight, losing your mobility, serving only to keep our race renewed—no, no, I do not wish such a future."
"Ugh. I don't blame you. But you told me you're the second daughter. Can't you just leave?"
"Where would I go? What would I do? I have been taught much as a Queen's daughter—but there
is not one thing among that learning that would help me live in the outside world."
"Now, that problem I truly understand. I'm not trained to do anything much—other than run a castle,
I mean—either."
"But surely human women don't transform physically into Queens?"
Gwenlyn laughed shortly. "No. That requires a court ceremony and a crown that—ach, never mind.
No, we don't get cooped up like your blind Queens. But, well, if I accepted my 'proper' noblewoman's
role, I'd wind up a meek, dutiful wife and mother, unable to do anything save what my husband allowed."
"That does not sound like... what is the human word?... fun." D'Senna tilted her head to one side,
studying Gwenlyn. 'Tm thinking that we are, despite our different forms, not unalike."
Gwenlyn grinned. "I've been thinking the same thing!"
"Do you know what I would really like to do?" the Arachnia asked conspiratorially. "Go off and
have an adventure, a real adventure, somewhere above ground. Does that sound too foolish?"
"Oh, no," Gwenlyn said yearningly. "I would love to do something heroic and exciting myself. But I
can't do anything cooped up here in the hive. Not that I don't appreciate your people s hospitality, but—"
"But you want to get out of here. So do I."
"Right, but how? I certainly can't escape the way I came in, not with those bandits refusing to give
up."
"No. I should think you would be a valuable prize to them, noble-daughter that you are."
"Or a valuable scapegoat," Gwenlyn muttered.
"Wait, now... are you serious about adventuring?"
Gwenlyn glanced at D'Senna, and could have sworn the young Arachnia was nervous. "What are
you proposing?"
"I—I never quite dared to do anything about it, not alone. But this isn't the only exit from the hive.
There's another one, at the far end of one of the less-used tunnels. The only difficulty is that I am not sure
where it leads."
Gwenlyn thought about spending more time down here amid all this nonhuman peace and unending
logic, and burst out, "Let's find out!"
They made a hurried stop at the Arachnia food storage area, filling two sacks full of dried meat and
grain and two flasks of water. D'Senna paused long enough to add a pouch full of the high-energy food
cubes the Arachnia carried to satisfy their never-ending need for food, then glanced at Gwenlyn. The
segmented eyes could hold no human expression, but Gwenlyn could have sworn she saw them glint with
excitement.
"Shall we?" D'Senna asked.
Gwenlyn bowed. "After you," she said.
The tunnel plainly hadn't been used for ages. Here and there earth had fallen from ceiling and walls,
and the inevitable white paint was flaking and stained. "Are you sure this whole thing isn't going to come
down on our heads?" Gwenlyn asked nervously.
"Quite sure. I am as good a tunneller as any of my folk," D'Senna said without false modesty. "This
tunnel will hold. And there is the entrance."
It was a narrow little opening, barely wide enough for Gwenlyn to squirm her way through. She
turned to help D'Senna work her way through. "I think I know where we are. Come on, let's—no-o-o!"
