Page 49

The sorcery had seized her once again, whirling Gwenlyn and D'Senna both from where they'd
been, dropping them roughly in a small, dark glade.
"What... was that?" D'Senna asked.
Gwenlyn sighed. "I don't know. Some sort of spell. It's been affecting the whole forest"
"Never mind that for now. We have a more urgent problem." D'Senna drew herself up to her full
height, a full head taller than Gwenlyn. "I don't see any sign of the hive, or of anything else I know. What
about you?"
Gwenlyn shook her head. "At least we've gotten away from the bandits. But as to where we are:
D'Senna, I haven't got a clue."
Chapter XIV The Bandit King
"J will find you, Naitachal," Haralachan hissed. "I will find you, traitor, no matter how you try to hide,
no matter where. I will find you. I shall see that you shall suffer the traitors fate.
"I will find you.
"You are doomed, traitor. You cannot escape."
"I will! I—"
Naitachal came awake with a start at his own shout, sitting bolt upright, his heart racing, his innate
Power gleaming about him. All around him, the disturbed forest had fallen silent, but after a moment the
normal little chirrings of the night resumed, and the Dark Elf let out his breath in a relieved sigh, calming
his Power back into quietude. It had been only a dream, not some new spell Rualath had thrown
together, as she'd thrown together that cursed, chaotic Gate Spell.
That Chaos Gate, Naitachal thought wryly. There was a good name for the thing. What with the
shards of its sorcery spreading unpredictably throughout the forest, teasing at his mind, confusing his
thoughts, he'd had so few lucid moments ktely that he was beginning to feel like some poor feverish
human wandering helplessly in and out of delirium.
If only my mind would stay clearly focused long enough for me to do something! I could find my
way out of reach of the spell—yes, and find Kevin as well!
Naitachal shook his head in bitter despair. If the Nithathili had his friend trapped in their caverns,
what could he possibly do about it? Not simply leave that friend snared in Darkness, surely. And yet, and
yet...
Suddenly he was so cold he grabbed at his dark cloak, pulling it tightly about himself. 'The traitors
fate." Whatever might be done to Kevin, no matter how horrifying, how terrible, surely it would have this
one mercy to it: it would be finite. Humans could not last long under even the most subtle ofNithathil
torments. But... "the traitor's fate."
Naitachal shivered anew, remembering the time of being truly of the Nithathili, of darkness he had
never shared with anyone in this world of sunlight and music, of memories so cruel they still—though he
had confessed it to no one and never would—haunted his dreams.
I may have escaped that life, Naitachal mused, rubbing a hand over his eyes, but oh, it does haunt
me still. And... "the traitor's fate."
A Dark Elf would not be as lucky as a human, to escape Nithathil torture through death. And the
torment would never end.
But I can't leave Kevin in their hands! I can't! Damn Haralachan and Rualath and the entire clan to
the Darkness they so adore—if I could, I would send them all screaming down into the Pit!
He could feel the old, dark Necromantic glory rousing within him at these hot, fierce thoughts of
hatred, the Necromantic Power he had vanquished but could never really quite destroy. It was a part of
