Page 50

him, like it or not, its strands woven so deeply into the magical part of him right from the earliest days of
childhood that to banish one would surely be to banish the other.
And even if it could be done, did he really wish to banish his Necromantic skills? How wondrous to
touch Haralachan, Rualath, any of his former clan who dared stand before him, how wondrous to see
them scream and plead and shrivel into dust—
"No!" Naitachal gasped, sickened at himself. To fight Darkness with Darkness would be worse than
suicidal, it would be deliberately turning to evil. Using Necromancy once more would be the death not
just of his body but of who and what he really was.
With a wordless cry of despair, Naitachal snatched up his harp, bringing the brightest music he knew
from the strings, playing on and on, feeling the glory that was music slowly stealing through him, quelling
Dark Power, melting the inner chill.
At last, with a sigh, he put away the harp and got to his feet. So far, at least, his Bardic—or was it
sorcer-ous?—will seemed to have been strong enough, even during his most unfocused, to keep the
fragmented spell from drawing him into its Power. But what if his will failed? What if he wound up
walking dizzily into Rualath's hands?
Stop that. You sound like a timid little human.
But what could be done? He could, Naitachal mused, try simply staying in this relatively safe spot
and waiting out the spell. Judging from the way the thing was fragmenting, it was just a matter of time
before it would shatter to the point of Powerlessness.
But who knew for sure what would happen with one of Rualath s weird, experimental spells?
Naitachal gave a dour little laugh, thinking that even Rualath could never truly gauge their length. Waiting,
he might well starve to death before the Chaos Gate ran out of strength!
Life is full of little uncertainties, isn't it?
So. That meant there wasn't anything to be done but head once more into the forest, accepting the
risks. If he was lucky, he'd find a safe way. If not, he'd be heading once more into madness.
Or at least, Naitachal thought wryly, into vagueness.
The bandits stirred uneasily. "She's not coming out," scar-faced Grenik muttered.
Brennid, the bandit leader (leader only because no one else really wanted the job) snapped, "Don't
be an idiot. She's got to come out sooner or later."
"Why?" Grenik asked. "She's a witch, right? And the Bugs aren't human, right?"
"So what's your point?"
"So maybe she doesn't have to come out. So maybe the Bugs've been tunnelling like they always do,
see. And maybe this time they've tunnelled a little too deep. They're not human; we don't know who
they're in league with. Or what."
"What, you saying they came across demons?"
"I'm not saying nothing. Just that a witch and demons would get along real fine. Real fine."
There was an awkward silence while they all considered that.
"If she brings demons up here," skinny young Kem muttered, "I'm not gonna be waiting for them."
"Me, neither," Grenik agreed.
Brennid thought about it for only a moment. He hadn't wanted to be here at all; the Arachnia gave
him the creeps with their big, weird eyes and those nasty-looking arms. Like a bunch of big insects. The
flesh-eating land.
But he could hardly have confessed his fears to the others. Things had been going badly enough as it
was, with barely enough to eat and no place warm and dry to sleep; there hadn't been anyone to rob in a
fortnight, and even if there had been, none of them dared show his face in town to spend anything. 7
didn't ask to be leader! Brennid thought wistfully. I didn't even want to be leader!
Couldn't get out of it now. They'd turn on him in a minute if they thought he was afraid. "Naw,"
Brennid said as casually as he could. "It's not worth the risk. Besides, I'm tired of watching them ugly
creatures watching us. Come on, let's go." Trying to cheer everyone up, he added, "Maybe find us a nice,
rich, stupid merchant or two," and heard a few weak chuckles.
It's not going well, it's not going well at all. But how do I get out of this mess?
