Page 51

He couldn't find an answer to that, particularly not when Kem sidled up to him and whispered, "She
ain't there no more."
"What?"
"S'truth. Heard two of the Bugs mutter something about her running off with one of them."
Brennid just barely stifled a groan. Just what they didn't need—a witch on the loose and maybe out
for revenge on them for keeping her pent up. Wonderful.
Naitachal staggered dizzily out of yet another bout of mindlessness, too groggy to know exactly
where he was or where he was going—and found himself facing the scruffiest, most disreputable humans
he had ever seen. And judging from their fierce, terrified expressions, they'd recognized him as a Dark
Elf—and weren't happy at what they saw.
"A sorcerer!"
"He's a pal of the demons!"
"Get him!" "Kill him!" "Kill him!"
Bandits... can't fight them... haven't the energy to run...
Seeing the weapons drawn, counting his life in seconds, hardly knowing what he was doing,
Naitachal began to talk. And elven charm and Bardic Magic glittered in the words.
"Just the men I've been hoping to find."
They stopped short, blinking. "Huh?" one of them said intelligently.
"Oh, indeed. But, tsk, aren't you the sorriest looking bunch of men I've ever seen?" he scoffed as
gently as though speaking to children, and saw them stare in now total astonishment, bewildered by the
smooth charm of his voice. "Look at you, all rags and dirt and fright. Look at you, I say! Is this any way
for men to live? Well, now, is it?"
"No," someone grunted. And, "No," they all muttered.
"No, of course it is not," Naitachal agreed smoothly. 'Tou know that. You do, indeed. And you wish
to live in finer fashion. Of course you do. You wish to live like men, not beasts."
Part of his mind was rather amazed at how smoothly the words were coming out, how musically, full
of that astonishing elven charm and delicate trickery, full of that most wonderful Bardic persuasion. Ah
yes, Naitachal mused, he was probably, when he had his full senses about him, going to be astonished at
his own nerve. But for now it was the easiest thing to simply keep pouring out the words that were a
magical barrier between him and the weapons.
"I can help you," he told them smoothly. "I and I alone canshowyouthewaytobetteryourlot. Hush,
now. Wait. ] Just listen to me, listen and learn what I can do for you." j
"What're you offering?" one of the ugly creatures asked, and Naitachal smiled charmingly.
"Now, what do you think?" he purred. "A happier life. A better life. A wonderful, glorious,
riches-filled life."
What human could stand before that? And what human, all magickless and unsuspecting, could
resist, beneath the smooth surface, the hidden message. I am friendly, it soothed, and the bandits, hardly
knowing why, slowly lowered their arms, letting their weapons waver. 7 am strange and magical and
Powerful, the Bardic Magic insisted, and the weapons fell from lax hands, one by one. He should stop
now, Naitachal realized dimly, he should surely stop before it was too late and he said something far
beyond what he meant.
But by now, half-drunk on Bardic Magic and elven charm and sheer weariness, he couldn't stop.
Instead, Naitachal heard himself adding so very convincingly, "You need me if you are to survive. With
your skills and my Power, we can—we will—form a new fellowship against whom no one can stand."
And, You need me to survive, the secret words whispered, you need me to lead, you need me to
lead, you need me to lead—
Naitachal came to himself with a shock. Ae, what was he saying? What had he already said?
Whatever it was, he really must have overdone it, because all at once the bandits were cheering and
swarming about him, clasping his hand, patting him gingerly on the back, their eyes bright with an almost
childlike enthusiasm.
"We're mean, we're tough," they chanted, "we got something no other outlaws got: we got ourselves
