Page 52

a Dark Elf leader!"
Ae!
"Won't have to live like wolves."
'We'll have food!"
"Food, hell! We'll have riches!"
"Riches! We'll have respect!"
"Yeah, yeah, we'll have respect! No one's gonna stop us, no one s gonna chase us off. We finally
got ourselves a real leader!"
"A Dark Elf leader—yeah! Who's gonna dare challenge any band tough enough to have a Dark Elf
leader? We're gonna have everything we ever wanted, everything! Right, boss?"
Good gods, Naitachal thought in dismay. I really did overdo it. These idiots have made me their
chief.
Now, wasn't this ridiculous? Necromancer, Bard— now bandit king! And what, in the name of all
the Powers, was he supposed to do with these noisy, smelly subjects?
I can't just tell them to—to shoo!
Wait, though... yes... they just might have a use after all. These unexpected allies might be less than
elegant, but they were fully human. Being in their midst would confuse what was left of Rualath's spell and
what new spells she might attempt to locate him. With their aid, he would have no need of solitary,
perilous assaults on the caverns of his kin.
If Kevin is anywhere in this forest, or anywhere at all that he can be reached, we shall find him!
Now, all he had to do was convince the others. "A piece of cake," as the humans might say: if he
could turn himself into a bandit king, the elven Bard thought wryly, he could do anything!
"Listen to me," Naitachal said, throwing up his arms dramatically. "I hold out phenomenal hope to
you, a chance for wondrous reward: the count and Bard known as Kevin is lost somewhere in the
forest." And not, let us hope, in Nithathil caverns. "I intend to find him, and I wish your aid."
"What's a count to us?" someone growled.
Naitachal quickly located the man who'd spoken, and shot out an arm, pointing so suddenly the
bandit flinched. "What's a count to you? Freedom, man! Freedom!"
He let them mull that over for a bit, listening to their bewildered murmurs, then said briskly, "Here's
the agreement: help me to find Count Kevin—and you will all win pardons!"
Now what made me say that? the Bard thought in dismay. Ridiculous: I haven't got any sort of legal
authority!
Too late to try denying the whole thing now. And obviously the bandits didn't know he had no such
authority. Naitachal, watching them in confusion, thought surely they were going to fall to their knees in
worship. "Full pardons?" someone asked in genuine awe, and he nodded.
Ah well. Might as well be caught in a big trick as a small.
Look at them staring at him with those radiant eyes! The bandits had already made it clear that they
thought the idea of a Dark Elf leader was exciting, but now they plainly believed he was a wonder
worker as well. With a tiny pang of guilt, the elven Bard thought, I sincerely hope Kevin doesn't make a
liar of me, then added, / hope Kevin has a chance not to make a liar of me! Ah wett, here we go.
Feeling very much like a father duck being followed by an eager string of ducklings, the bemused
Naitachal led his odd new allies off into the forest.
Chapter XV Pilgrims
Lydia stood in the stirrups, staring over her horse's head in amazement at the busy throng ahead.
