Page 53

"That's the shrine of Saint Verdain?"
Count Trahern, riding beside her, glanced at her, one dark brow raised. "I take it you've never been
here before."
Lydia grinned at him. "Do I look like the sort of woman who'd be spending a lot of time around a
shrine? Let alone a retreat for gals about to get married?'
"You," Count Trahern said with easy gallantry, "look like the sort of woman who would grace
whatever place she chose to visit"
To Lydia's absolute amazement, she felt her face reddening. Score one for you, Trahern, she
thought. 7 haven't blushed in years. "Uh... thank you," she said uneasily, trying to ignore Tich'ki, hidden in
her hair, snickering in her ear. "One word out of you," she murmured to the fairy, head turned away so
the count wouldn't see her face and think she was talking to herself, "and I swat you like a fly."
Tich'ki only snickered that much harder. Lydia did her best to ignore the fairy, and pretended to get
very interested in the sights ahead.
"See that plain stone building?' Count Trahern said suddenly. "That houses the original spring. The
one at which Saint Verdain is said to have drunk and left her blessing."
"Yeah. I see the pretty brass sign they've put up." Can't read the thing, but I see it. She wasn't going
to admit her lack of book learning to a man who probably read a dozen books a year. "Building looks
antique enough to be from back then,"
"It is. And beyond it, behind that high wall, are the buildings of the retreat itself."
By standing as straight in the stirrups as she could, Lydia could just make out hints of red-tiled roofs.
"Right." But the shrine of Saint Verdain was supposed to be, according to all the stories, a simple,
tranquil place. Whoever had started those stories had either lived a very long time ago or been a marvel
of mis-statement. "And everything else?" she asked with only a touch of sarcasm. "What's all this outside
the walls?"
Trahern gave her a wry little grin. "You can hardly expect a site, even a holy one, that's set at the
junction of two trading routes to go unchanged over the years."
"Mmm. No." Lydia shrugged. "Looks like Saint Verdain s is worth the seeing, whether you're
interested in religion—or bargains."
The count nearly choked on a laugh. "True," he admitted.
Over the years a whole town of elaborate outbuildings had grown up around the shrine, a jumble of
temples and inns and as many merchants' stands as Lydia had seen crowded in a small city. Everyone
seemed to be loudly hawking something to do with
Saint Verdain, no matter how remote the tie, from medals imprinted with what they claimed was the
saint s true visage (as if anyone knows what she looked like! Lydia thought cynically) to pretty
embroidered kerchiefs worked with the daisies the merchant selling them claimed was the saints favorite
flower. Eager hands pulled at reins and saddlecloths; eager hands thrust up holy medals or "true
fragments of Saint Verdain's holy robe, honest."
"Then why is that one marked with a Sesteni trademark?" Lydia snapped, and heard Count Trahern
chuckle. "Get back!" she added sharply, slapping at one too-enthusiastic hand. "I said, back off—hey,
you! What the hell do you think you're doing?"
A well-placed kick sent the man sprawling. "Lydia!" Count Trahern exclaimed. "That's hardly die
way to treat an honest merchant."
Lydia glared at the amusement in his eyes. "Honest, hell! The guy was trying to swipe your purse!"
The startled count slapped his hand down to it, giving a sharp oath when he found the strings already
untied. "I didn't feel a thing," he admitted. "My apologies. Come, let's get to the retreat before someone
steals the horses out from under us."
Feeling like a fish trying to swim upstream, Lydia forced her mount slowly forward, trying to keep
from trampling anyone and determinedly ignoring voices urging her to "try this candy, direct from Saint
Verdain's favorite candymaker," or "sample this perfume from Saint Verdain s home town, just the thing
for a pretty lady."
"I'm neither," she snapped.
