Page 54

"You belittle yourself," Count Trahern murmured. "If you're quite finished terrorizing the populace,"
he added before she could react to that
casual compliment, "the way to the retreat is up this passageway."
"Uh, sure." Dammit, she was blushing again! Curse the man, is he going to constantly keep me
offbalanc.e? I'm not some green little girl!
But then, he wasn't exactly a little boy, either. Admiring his tall, straight-backed elegance out of the
corner of her eye, Lydia found herself beginning to enjoy the ride. All too soon, as far as she was
concerned, they had arrived at the heavy oaken door barring the entrance to the retreat. At a signal from
the count, one of his men rapped sharply on the door and exchanged quick words with the grey-robed
woman who answered. She frowned, blinking nearsightedly up at the count.
"Count Trahern?'
"Yes, madam." He bowed courteously in the saddle. "I have come to see my daughter Gwenlyn."
The priestess blinked again. "Gwenlyn?" she said thoughtfully. "Gwenlyn?" A long pause, then a slow
shake of the head. "I'm sorry, my Lord Count. I don't recall the name. Wait here, if you would. I will see
if the other sisters can help you."
With that, the priestess scurried away, letting the door close behind her. "Moves like a little grey
rabbit," Lydia muttered, and heard Tich'ki titter in her ear and the count barely stifle a laugh.
"For shame, Lydia! That's no way to speak of a holy woman."
She shrugged. "Saint Verdain isn't my saint. And my people don't believe in hiding from the world."
He gknced her way. "No. I can see that. Fortunate for those of us who enjoy the sight of attractive
women."
Lydia sighed. "Look, I know you're used to giving easy compliments. It's the sort of thing nobles do:
flatter noblewomen. But I'm not a noblewoman of any sort. And I'm not a fool, either. I know I'm no
raving beauty."
"No," he agreed so frankly it made Lydia stare, taken aback. "You are something far finer than a
trite beauty, my dear Lydia: you are a free, honest original."
"I__"
But what she would have said—and Lydia wasn't sure what it would have been—was cut short by
the return of the priestess.
"I'm sorry, my lord. None of us have seen a girl named Gwenlyn."
Trahern sighed impatiently. "Your pardon, madam, but you can hardly be expected to remember the
name of every girl who stops here, even one who comes with an armed escort. If we could just check
with whomever keeps your records?"
"Forgive me, my lord," the priestess said, blinking timidly. "I fear I cannot grant you admission."
"In the names of all the gods, why not?"
"Because you're a man, my lord! Men are forbidden entry to the retreat."
"Yes, yes, I know that! I'm not planning to stay in there, or do anyone any harm! All I wish to do is
check the records—"
"I'm sorry. The rules, you understand" As Count Trahern, eyes blazing, opened his mouth to argue,
the priestess added hastily, "The, ah, woman beside you could enter, of course, if she'd give up her
sword."
"The woman beside him," Lydia said shortly, "has no intention of giving up her sword."
"Please," Count Trahern murmured. "I'll hold the weapon. Just go check the records. No one in
there is going to harm you."
Oh, those serious, beautiful eyes of his! Shaking her head at her own foolishness, Lydia unstrapped
her swordbelt and handed it to the count, ignoring Tich'ki s sneers of "He's so pre-e-t-t-y," then swung a
leg over the saddle and slid to the ground. "Lead on," she told the priestess.
It was startlingly quiet within the walls. Lydia followed the priestess down a narrow path lined by
neatly pruned flowering bushes that scented the air almost too sweetly, gravel crunching beneath her
boots, feeling very much out of place in all this nicely groomed tranquility.
Nat so much as a blade of grass out of place. Ugh. How do they stand it in here?
