Page 55

She caught a few quick glimpses of other women, girls in white robes who were presumably
postulants and others in more elaborate dresses who were probably brides-to-be. All of them glanced
surreptitiously at Lydia, plainly astonished at seeing this warrior in their midst, making her feel even more
uncomfortable.
"All the retreats records are kept in here," the priestess said suddenly, standing before a squat stone
building. "Sister Acted?' she called inside. "Oh, Sister Acteil, there's someone here to ask about the entry
records."
If the first priestess looked like a rabbit, Lydia thought wryly, the second looked like a tortoise
caught blinking sleepily in the sun. Pushing back wire-rimmed spectacles, she asked Lydia, "Who is it you
seek?'
'The Lady Gwenlyn, daughter to Count Trahern. She's supposed to have arrived here a few days
back with an armed escort."
The tortoise blinked again. "That's odd. I don't remember anyone coming to me with any record of
cort."
 felt her patience fraying, strand by strand "But sasy cu- __ >o. some record of the girl!"
"Ah. Possibly. A few days back, you say. Let me check." She glanced at Lydia, and the faintest
spasm of distaste crossed her face. "Wait out here."
Yeah. I'd probably get real life all over your prim tittle records, Lydia thought, but she waited.
And waited.
And waited, fighting the urge to go barging inside. It wouldn't do any good, blast it: even if she found
the records, she wouldn't be able to read the things!
At last Sister Acteil reappeared, whispering in the first priestess's ear. The priestess stared at Lydia
in dismay. "Oh, dear. Oh, dear. I fear we must tell this to the count himself."
Then what the hell did I come in here for? Lydia fumed, but she followed her little grey rabbit guide
back out down the narrow, precise path to where Count Trahern waited. Swinging into the saddle once
more, she accepted her swordbelt from the man.
"Well?" he asked sharply.
Fastening the belt around her waist, Lydia gestured with her chin. "They wouldn't tell me a thing.
Ask her."
The priestess bit her lip nervously. "Ah, my Lord Count, I fear I have some disturbing news for you."
Count Trahern straightened in the saddle. "What?"
"Sister Acteil, our record keeper, checked very carefully. There is no record of anyone named
Gwenlyn having arrived here."
"But—that can't be! Have her check again. There has to be some mistake. Ah, I know! Gwenlyn
was angry enough: maybe she gave a false name."
"Yeah, and what about that escort of soldiers?' Lydia added. "I bet she didn't check for them!"
"The escort, yes!" the count exclaimed "There must be some record of their arrival. Go check again,
please!"
But the priestess was shaking her head. "I'm sorry, my Lord Count. Sister Acteil did check. There is
no record of any girl, noble or common, having arrived at this retreat within the past two fortnights."
"But..."
"I am sorry, truly. I wish I could help, but... there is nothing I can do. Save pray." With that, the
priestess slowly closed the heavy door. Lydia heard the bolt slide shut with a dull finality that gave her a
superstitious shiver.
"Hell, maybe it's not so bad," she said briskly. "Maybe I was right all along. Maybe she and Kevin
did come to some sort of an understanding and run off together. I mean, they're both hot-blooded lads."
Yeah, but even so, Kevin would never be that stupid, never! "I bet that's all there is to it. They'll show up
at his castle or yours, shamefaced and ready for a nice, happily-ever-after wedding."
The count shook his head angrily. "You don't believe that any more than do I. No, Gwenlyn set off
for here, and—oh gods!"
"What is it?"
