Page 56

'There's more than one way to reach this shrine from my lands." He stared at Lydia, stricken. 'The
road is the safest route, but it's also the least direct. The shortest way— No, I can't believe he'd be that
stupid!"
"He? Who?"
"Captain Degalth, the one who was in charge of Gwenlyn's escort. He's not exactly a bright man. but
he's always been a good soldier, a thoroughly reliable one. He can't have done something like that, he
would never have risked my daughter's safety, never!"
Lydia reached out to grasp the man by the arm, as firmly as though he were a frightened young
recruit. "Stop that," she said flatly. "You're working yourself up to hysteria. And that's not going to help
your Gwenlyn."
The count took a deep, steadying breath. "No."
"Now, what are you trying to say?"
She felt him shudder beneath her hand, but his voice was deadly calm. "She has never liked Degalth.
What if she and Degalth quarrelled? What if he decided to hand her over to die priestesses as quickly as
possible? What if Degalth took my daughter by the shortest route—the part that runs through the densest
part of the forest?" Trahern groaned. "If he's done that, I swear I'll have his head! There haven't been any
bandits in that area for years, so my guards assure me. But what if they're wrong? Oh dear gods, what if
they're wrong?"
"Only one way to find out," Lydia said grimly. "And that's to go look. Lead the way, man. Don't
worry!" she added in as calm a voice as she could manage. "We'll find your daughter. And Count Kevin,
too."
But, Lydia added to herself, will we find them alive?
Chapter XVI Strangers In The Night
Kevin sank wearily to a rock, looking around at forest and yet more forest without much hope of
recognizing where he was. He'd been wandering in confusion for what seemed an age, every now and
then falling through those jarring bits of Gate without warning and getting thrown, apparently at random,
from place to pkce.
At least I haven't been tossed off a cliff or into a wall. But isn't the stupid spell ever going to run
down? Naitachal told me once even the strongest magic runs out of power sooner or later.
Ah, and if only I could get out of this cursed forest! If only I could find the road back to Count
Trahern's castle or my own!
And what of Naitachal? Where was he? Kevin hadn't seen so much as a hint of the Dark Elf Bard
since this insanity had begun. The Bard clenched his fists, refusing to even consider the possibility that
Naitachal might have fallen into the hands of his Nithathil clan, that he might already be undergoing
whatever horrifying cruelty they might have devised for someone they thought a traitor—
No, no, surely Naitachal was far too clever to be snared like that. After all, Kevin told himself
sharply, hadn't the Dark Elf easily eluded his kin for four years? Granted, that was just an eyeblink of
time to elves, but Naitachal surely wasn't about to get careless now.
Yes, but where is he?
Ah, and where was Amaranthia? A little pang of longing shot through Kevin at the thought. What,
oh, what had happened to her? And what had that whole strange, wonderful episode been about?
Kevin shook his head in confusion. It had all happened so quickly, almost as though he'd been
struck by a spell, while she... no, it didn't make sense. Easy enough for a human male to be smitten by a
White Elf maid, Kevin admitted that freely. But what about Amaranthia? First she had all but sworn
