Page 57

undying love to a human she'd never seen before and only known for a few moments (And you, you
idiot, Kevin snapped at himself, were all set to act like some lovesick swain out of one of your own
songs!), then she had disappeared without so much as a word of farewell, leaving him helplessly asleep—
to wake surrounded by foes.
Kevin winced at the memory. They had come alarmingly close to taking him prisoner then and there!
Amaranthia must have been aware how near they were; she was an elf, after all, with an elfs keener
senses.
Maybe she was just too terrified to think, a White Elf all alone like that.
But Kevin realized he didn't really want to try defending her, not after what had happened. No
matter how terrified Amaranthia might have been at the appearance of so many Dark Elves, she wouldn't
have been in any danger if she'd just bothered to wake him before she ran. Abandoning him like that,
while he slept—it was almost, Kevin thought uneasily, as though she wanted the Dark Elves to—
"Oh no," he murmured. "Oh no, not that."
It could never—she could never—it was impossible. A White Elf would never work with Dark
Elves. A White Elf would never, ever, even think of turning to evil!
Right. Just as a Dark Elf would never, ever think of becoming a Bard. Impossible things had a way
of happening, regardless.
Kevin shivered suddenly, remembering another White Elf, four years back in the city of Westerin, a
dead-eyed, thoroughly debased White Elf turned gang leader, an evil White Elf who had tried to kill him.
Such foulness could happen. It had happened that once. And... like it or not, maybe it had happened
again. There were just too many strangenesses here: a White Elf girl all alone in the wilderness, refusing to
name her clan, asking so many strange questions about Naitachal...
Yes, and disappearing so conveniently just before I was attacked.
Ah, yes. He really had been acting like a fool to trust her so easily! But then, Kevin argued with
himself, he had still been shaken by the Gate Spell. And she really had been so very beautiful, and he
was, after all, only human—
Nevermind her beauty, he scolded himself. Use your brain instead of your—your heart! How was it
that Amaranthia had known so much about the Gate Spell being a Gate Spell, when even Naitachal had
said the form of the magic was new to him? How could she have known anything at all about it—unless
she really had been on the side of Darkness?
With a groan, Kevin got to his feet. He didn't want to believe it, but there wasn't a thing he could do
about Amaranthia right now. Possible treachery or no, all he could do was wander on, eating what he
could snare, resting wherever he could find a safe corner in which to hide, and hope that somehow,
eventually, he would find the way out of this forested trap.
"Gwenlyn?" D'Senna clicked her beak nervously. "Are you all right?"
Gwenlyn glanced up from the log onto which she'd collapsed. "Fine," she drawled sarcastically, "I'm
just fine. Tired and hungry and lost and sick to death of this—this damnable sorcery diat keeps hurling us
around like two dolls—but fine."
D'Senna folded her lean body down at Gwenlyn's side with the softest of sighs. "I am not happy,
either," the Arachnia said softly. "I cannot find the scent of the hive again, or of any of my people, and I
know nothing of this forest."
All at once contrite, Gwenlyn glanced guiltily at the Arachnia. "I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking." She
reached out an impulsive hand to touch D'Senna's arm, feeling the cool sleekness of the chitinous skin.
"All this must be much worse for you than it is for me, much more frightening. At least I've been out in the
world before, at least a little."
"I am not afraid," D'Senna said. "Not quite. I am just... very confused."
"Aren't we both!" Wearily, Gwenlyn got to her feet. "I don't know what's been going on. I don't
know whose spell has been causing all this nonsense. But at least we can grab some comfort out of all
this."
"Yes?"
"So far no one's actually hurt either one of us."
