Page 58

"There is that." D'Senna unfolded to her full height once more, over a head taller than Gwenlyn but
slim as a racing hound. She chittered softly. "And to think I was discontent with my life. I would almost
welcome the old boring uselessness."
"Me, too," Gwenlyn agreed, then grinned. "Almost. At least no one is telling us what we can and
can't do."
"Indeed. That is a most pleasant change. Even in the middle of all this. Even if we are most
thoroughly lost."
"You're the one who kept arguing that the forest was a finite thing," Gwenlyn said sharply.
"True, true. And if we simply keep moving in as straight a line as we can, sighting from tree to tree as
you did before that last... jump... we must, eventually, come out to some place you know."
"From your mouth to the gods' ears," Gwenlyn said wryly. "Let's only hope they're listening! Come,
my friend, time to move on."
Kevin froze in the twilight, listening with all his might. The birds that had been cheeping sleepily as
they settled down a moment before had all suddenly gone silent. Why?
Someone's stalking me, he realized, not Dark Elves, oh please, not them again...
Kevin moved warily forward, testing, then stopped, straining to hear. Ach, useless. Can't hear a
thing. But elves wouldn't make a sound.
They were there, though; it wasn't his imagination, not with all the small wild things remaining
absolutely silent. And he could feel, with some obscure Bardic sense, the elves' presence as surely as any
stalked animal knew its hunter. All right, curse you, here we go again.
Without warning, he burst into a run, dashing through the forest as best he could, stumbling over
roots, struggling to stay on his feet, half-blind in the ever-darkening twilight, this time hunting, praying for
a shard of the Gate. All along he'd been trying to avoid the damned things; now that he wanted one, they
all seemed to be avoiding him! Behind him, the Dark Elves had abandoned subtlety, racing after him.
Oh, I can't go through another one of these stupid chases, I—
With a startled yell, Kevin went plunging through a shard of Gate Spell and collided with someone
who screamed as they both crashed to the forest floor. The someone got in a good lack to his shin,
nearly raked his eyes with what seemed like talons, then squirmed free, struggling to his—to her feet like
a wild thing, panting, hair a tangled dark mass, clothing ragged. Behind her, the slim figure of an Arachnia
loomed, segmented arms in a pose of definite menace.
Great, Kevin thought wildly, struggling to his feet, trying to catch his breath. Just what I needed:
another treacherous woman.
She was trying to gasp out something, but he held up a hand, listening fiercely, then let out his breath
in a sigh of relief. The Dark Elves had not followed him through the Gate. At least for the moment.
"Lady," he began, though this ragged creature didn't look anything like a lady (and he, he admitted,
probably looked like a derelict), "I—"
He stopped short, looking behind the dirt, really seeing her for the first time. Judging from her
astonished expression, she was doing the same. Simultaneously, they cried out in dismay: "You!"
"Count Kevin! I thought you were another bandit! What are you doing here?"
"What are you doing here, Lady Gwenlyn?"
"I__"
"The Gate—"
But the Arachnia suddenly chittered in excitement, "Not now, not now! Someone's
coming—enemies!"
Kevin whirled, and groaned at the sight. "Oh hell. They did follow me. I'm sorry; I didn't intend to
get you involved."
"That doesn't matter now," Gwenlyn said grimly. "They're here now. No place to run. Give me your
dagger."
"What—"
"Give me your dagger! You've already got your sword and D'Senna has her Arachnia strength—I
don't have any weapon!"
