Page 59

Kevin hastily passed her the knife, thinking it wasn't going to be much use against Dark Elf swords,
vowing he wasn't going to let a gently bred human lady fall into Nithathili hands. As the Dark Elves,
smiling coldly, their slanted eyes glinting red in the growing darkness, began to close in on them, the Bard
heard Gwenlyn draw in her breath sharply.
At least she's not dissolving into hysterics.
But he hardly expected what came next. She snapped at him, "Follow my lead," and boldly charged
the elves, screaming like a demon. They sprang back in instinctive shock from this fierce, shrieking mad
thing, and Kevin laughed and charged with her, yelling as madly as he could himself, slashing out savagely
with his sword, seeing sheer confusion flashing in the Dark Elf eyes.
They don't know what to do! Humans aren't supposed to act like this! Off to his right, the Bard
glimpsed the Arachnia—D'Senna, was it?—snatching fiercely at the foe with her powerful claws,
segmented eyes glittering in the darkness as she shrilled her own fierce war cries, while beside him,
Gwenlyn, still screaming insanely, stabbed at any Dark Elf who wasn't quite quick enough to get himself
out of the way.
But shock isn't going to hold them all off forever. No time for stupid heroics: we've got to get out of
here, now!
"Run!" Kevin hissed, even while his overtaxed body was moaning silently not again. Grabbing
Gwenlyn firmly by the arm, he charged forward into the night, nearly slamming into a tree in the darkness,
tearing through bushes, very much aware that to the Dark Elves the night wasn't dark at all. D'Senna,
with her long legs as swift as any human, kept up with him with ease, clamping down on his shoulder with
just this side of painful force. "I do not... wish to be... left behind," she gasped, "if the spell seizes us
again."
"And I... don't want... my shoulder broken!" he panted.
"Save... save your breath!" Gwenlyn snapped. "They're... right behind us, and—"
She screamed, suddenly falling, snatching frantically at Kevin. Overbalanced, he fell with her, and
D'Senna with him, all three of them tumbling down towards a rumbling roar.
Oh gods, the Bard realized in sudden horror, it's the same canyon, the same river—but not the same
place! There's not going to be any lifesaving Gate to fall through this time. We're doomed!
But D'Senna s powerful Arachnia arm closed about a protruding root. She was brought up short, as
were Kevin and Gwenlyn. Pulled between D'Senna and Gwenlyn, Kevin gasped, feeling for a moment as
though his shoulders had been snapped from their sockets, then had the terrible pressure released in the
next as he and Gwenlyn smacked into the earthen side of the canyon, scrabbling for purchase, terrified
that D'Senna would lose her grip.
"A cave!" Gwenlyn gasped. "Here, to my left, a cave."
It was hardly that, barely more than an indentation where the earth had worn away. But, edging their
wary way sideways, the three fugitives managed to wedge their way inside.
"Not a sound," Kevin whispered, and they froze in a tangle of limbs, hardly daring to breathe as, far
overhead, the Dark Elves hunted for them.
If they have a mage with them, we're lost.
But these were magickless warriors. Even their night-sighted eyes could see nothing of their prey.
And after an agonizingly long time, during which Kevin was sure the Dark Elves were merely toying with
him, waiting to pounce, he heard what could only have been Nittiathil profanity. Someone snapped out
what he prayed was, "The river must have taken them."
Then the Dark Elves were gone, moving downstream.
"Wait," he whispered.
"I can't!" Gwenlyn whispered back. "You're standing on my hand!"
"Sorry." He shifted ever so warily. "Better?"
"Wonderful."
"Shh." That was D'Senna, one lanky arm wedged around Kevin's shoulder, one long leg crooked
around his own. "I am not comfortable, either. But, shh!"
After an endless agony of silent waiting, Kevin dared stick his head out of the cave, listening, wishing
