Page 60

there was some way to use Bardic Magic without making a wund, trying to use Bardic senses to see....
"They're gone."
D'Senna poked her head out beside his, looking over his shoulder. "They are."
"Then will you both please get off me?" Gwenlyn asked plaintively.
"Let me go first," D'Senna said. "I will cut handholds."
Moving very carefully, the Arachnia disentangled herself from the two humans. Very carefully, they
followed her out, catching at the holds she dug in the earthen wall, working their weary, wary way up till
at last
"Solid ground!" Gwenlyn exclaimed, throwing herself flat.
Kevin, stretching out on his stomach, lute a familiar weight on his back, only groaned. But after a
time, he felt laughter welling up in him and at last had to chuckle aloud.
"Lo, the conquering heroes enjoy their reward."
He heard Gwenlyn giggle. "The ridiculous heroes, you mean."
Kevin slowly sat up, feeling every muscle protest. "That was a beautifully clever thing you did,
screaming and leaping at them like that. Total lunacy was the last thing they'd expected!"
He saw her teeth flash in a grin in the darkness. "I couldn't think of anything else to do. It was pretty
clever of me, wasn't it?"
Kevin grinned back, and heard D'Senna chitter. He reached out a hand and tapped Gwenlyn on the
shoulder. 'Thereby dub thee knight."
"Sir Gwenlyn, eh? Some knight. Nightmare is more like it. We look like three homeless vagabonds."
"A hero," Kevin quoted pompously, "is not to be measured in terms of his fine clothing—"
"But in terms of deep inner worth," Gwenlyn finished. "I know that one, too. Bennish the Wise,
Second Book of Thoughtful Musings. Bet he never had to pounce on Dark Elves."
Kevin laughed. "There's a thought! I saw a portrait of him once."
"So did I." Gwenlyn paused thoughtfully. "Fat, wasn't he?"
"Like a mountain."
"Couldn't have pounced on anyone."
"Nary a one."
Kevin and Gwenlyn broke off, grinning at each other.
Ay me, the Bard thought with a little pang of regret, this isn't real, this can't last.
Of course it couldn't. What they were feeling had to be just the camaraderie of comrades in arms
who've survived a battle; he'd felt this sort of thing before. All too soon it would fade away and they'd go
right back to their former dislike.
But to his vast surprise, Kevin realized he wasn't looking forward to that return.
Now, what...
Ah well, all this was foolishness. Unless they could find a way out of the forest and away from the
Dark Elves, how they felt about each other wasn't important. Unless they could finally escape the Gate
Spell, none of this was going to matter.
Chapter XVII Schemes
Haralachan prowled his realm in furious silence, wrapped in sorcerous Darkness, invisible in the
natural darkness, his face a frozen mask revealing nothing of the rage within, dimly aware that his subjects
were desperately staying out of his path.
Fool, fool, to have given her free rein, to have believed Rualath's boastings, to have let her cast that
cursed spell!
A slave trudging along down a lonely corridor had not heard the whispered warnings. He had time
enough only to sense darkness amid darkness, to make one frantic effort to get out of the way.
