Page 61

Haralachan swept the living obstacle aside with a sorcerous blow, casual as one crushing an insect,
leaving the slave in a crumpled, broken heap without truly noticing.
Oh yes, the spell almost worked—phaugh! Almost is as useless as nothing at all. Worse!
All his subjects knew what had happened, knew his consort had sworn to bring the traitor to him,
knew how she had failed. She, and through her, he,
Haralachan the ruler, must find a way to turn this failure into triumph, and swiftly!
What if I condemned Rualath in Naitachal's place? Claimed that she had deliberately failed, that she
was actually secretly in league with the traitor?
No, no, that was a truly double-edged blade. Either it meant he was too weak to notice his consort's
treachery, or it was as good as openly declaring he was using her as a victim to hide his own failure.
The Darkness rend her!
Much as right now he'd love to see Rualath scream away her life on the altar for the trouble she'd
caused him, Haralachan reluctantly considered and accepted the true: It was far better politically to keep
his consort alive as a focus for blame.
Besides, curse it, there was still the matter of her sorcery. Yes, this spell—this particular, vital
spell!— had failed, but there had been others before this that had not failed, secret spells no one could
trace since they were hers alone, spells to weaken his foes and help him hold power. There was the
promise of useful sorceries in the future.
Haralachan cursed softly, a chill whisper in the darkness. Live, Rualath. For now. But if you cannot
find a way to correct this perilous error of yours, if you cannot, indeed, bring Naitachal to me, then I
think your usefulness to me is ended.
Alone in her study, Rualath paced impatiently back and forth. The Gate Spell had come so close to
succeeding! There must be some way she could reestablish the frustrating thing into a functioning whole!
There were still enough shards of the spell spiralling through the forest that surely she could devise a
method to draw the pieces back into one.
Yes, she could devise it—it only she was left alone!
Oh, yes, might as well wish for Naitachal here in my grasp as that, Rualath thought in fury. No
chance for privacy with Haralachan forever after her! He hadn't yet accused her outright of treason or
failure, but he had insisted on questioning her not once but thrice within the last two turns of the glass;
every time she had started to gather the bits of a useful spell in her mind, Haralachan's interruption had
broken in to send the spell whirring away out of her memory.
Curse him! It's almost as though he wants me to fail-Was that the case? she wondered. Could it be?
But why such a slippery, treacherous thing? What purpose could her failure possibly serve? Did
Haralachan wish to humble her, perhaps? But such a humbling would be at the risk of losing personal
honor for letting the capture of a traitor come second. Bah, no, he would never take such a risk!
And yet, and yet... Rualath refused to waste time considering that Haralachan simply didn't trust her;
of course he didn't trust her! He wasn't that great a fool. At least, no matter what devious plans he might
be considering, the man hadn't taken a certain drastic step: he'd not been angry or imprudent enough to
take another consort.
No, Rualath mused, smiling thinly, think whatever he might of her, Haralachan still needed her, they
both knew it. Or rather, more to the point, he still needed her magics—
Ae, yes, but how much longer was he going to keep needing them if her spells kept failing him?
The Gate Spell. The cursed Gate Spell. There must be some way to correct it... maybe a slightly
altered proportion of flame to earth... Yes, what if she tried one gram of mica instead of two, half the
intensity of fire and... yes... that might prove interesting... and then... and then...
"Rualath!"
She flinched as that sudden mental shout tore into her thoughts. "Not now, you idiot!"
Too late. The renovations she'd considered for her spell had fled her mind yet again before she
could safely note them down. It had been one gram of mica, and... and...
"Rualath," the mental roar continued, heedless, "7 wish to see you. Now!"
"Yes, my thrice-cursed lord," Rualath snarled, but only to herself, "at once, my thrice-idiotic lord.
