Page 62

What else do you want, my idiotic lord? Shall I surrender my magics? Shall I give up trying to work my
spells altogether? Would that please you, my cursed, idiotic, perilous lord?"
But of course she could not refuse the summons. And of course none but she would know her rage.
By the time she had reached the royal cavern, Rualath knew that none could have told her inner fury from
the composed mask she presented. Moving smoothly to where Haralachan stood beside his obsidian
throne like a dark, silver-haired statue, the sorceress asked coolly, "My lord? What would you?"
He stared at her. "You know what I want. And you have yet to deliver him to me."
Because you keep interrupting me at my work, you great fool! "I would, my lord," Rualath said with
immense restraint, "were I left alone long enough to repair the spell."
"The spell that, had you fulfilled your boasts, should not have shattered in the first place."
"The spell, my lord, that we both knew was experimental. I never denied that fact to you." I merely
failed to stress it. "No true advance in magic can ever be made without trial and error."
"There was no room for error in this!"
"Perhaps," Rualath snapped, "there was no error!"
Haralachan tensed, eyes flickering dangerously red. "Choose your next words carefully, Rualath.
What did you mean by that?"
Rualath felt the menace of his rousing Power, but felt her own Power stirring angrily as well. "I mean,
my lord, that you have been interfering with every step of my work," she said coldly. "Perhaps, my lord,
you wish to explain?"
"I? I need explain nothing."
"Ah? So dramatic? Perhaps that is because the fault is yours!"
Haralachan drew in his breath in a sharp hiss. "Do you dare accuse me?" he asked in a soft, deadly
voice. "Me? Of what crime?"
"Oh, I can hardly say. Perhaps of envy. Or fear."
"Fear!"
Rualath smiled without the slightest trace of humor. "Can you swear to know no fear of me? Can
you? Perhaps, my lord, you are guilty of simply wishing me to fail!"
"You will not shift your guilt to me!"
"Am I doing such? After all those interruptions, my lord, what else can I think but that you have
deliberately, for whatever reason, been trying to sabotage my efforts?"
"If there is a saboteur, my lady, I think surely it must be you!"
"l! I am not the one so suspicious of his own consort he will not let her work the slightest trace of a
spell without spying on her!"
"What I do or do not is not for you to question!
And if, perhaps, I have spied on you when it seemed politically wise, it has not been done without
reason. You have been known to associate with proven foes of the Realm!"
"If by that portentous statement you mean I have spoken with fools like Tanarchal, yes, of course I
have. What, would you have me pretend to ignore them instead, and have all say, The royal consort fears
her lord s foes, the royal consort reflects his fears'? Would you give them such suspicions of your
strength?"
"Smooth words, Rualath. But only words! Where is the traitor, Naitachal? You swore to bring him
to me. Yet, where is he? Are you yourself a traitor to me, Rualath?"
"And do you dare to challenge me, my lord?" Rualath purred. "Is that what all this is for? Are you at
last daring to offer me the true Challenge? Are you that curious to see the full scope of my Power?"
"Your vaunted Power," Haralachan said in a voice subtle with rage, "is an entertainment, nothing
more than a toy to while away a long night. It has no true—"
"Does it not? Shall we learn the truth, here and now?"
"Are you so eager to die, Rualath? Or—"
"Ah... my lord," cut in a soft, nervous voice. Haralachan and Rualath both turned with predatory
swiftness to see several of the over-servants, several steps up from slavery but still not of noble blood,
standing before them, heads bowed, arms crossed at just the proper angle of submission in front of their
