Page 63

bodies, palms defenselessly turned out in the full Gesture of Humblest Beseeching of Underling to Lord.
Rualath and Haralachan exchanged a sharp glance, and a hint of wry humor glinted beneath the rage.
Were it not for that Gesture, Rualath knew, they both would have blasted the servants where they stood
for the effrontery of their interruption. But the Gesture was quite properly presented, without the slightest
flaw of angle or pose, and so Haralachan snapped instead, "What is it?"
"My lord, my lady, we... all know and fear your Power."
"You should. Continue."
"Ah..." The servant who'd dared to speak glanced nervously at his fellow, then continued in a voice
that almost failed to shake, "But if you act upon the full Challenge now, surely one of you must fall."
"That is the whole point of full Challenge. What of it?"
"We do not have the traitor, Naitachal. If Challenge happens, my lord, if one of you falls, your royal
Power, one way or another, will be halved. And... well, we still will not have the traitor Naitachal."
There was a long, thoughtful silence. And then Rualath dared a soft laugh. "He's a brave little
creature, isn't he?"
"Indeed. But he raises an intriguing point."
"So he does. What say you, my lord? Shall we postpone our excitement?"
"So we shall. As we have just been reminded, we dare not dance the final dance till the traitor is
ours." Haralachan waved the over-servants away, his face all at once icily composed, his emotions
controlled with elven speed. As, Rualath knew, were her own. "So now, my consort," the Dark Elf lord
said once they were alone, not the slightest of inflections coloring his voice, "counsel me. How may we
yet salvage something out of this unpleasantly shattered situation?"
How, indeed?
"Kevin," she said in sudden inspiration.
"Ah, the human! The human who has so far eluded you."
"The spell," Rualath reminded him flatly, "was set for Naitachal, specifically for Naitachal. While
anyone else could pass through the Gate, only his mind was to be confused. That the spell affected the
human s mind as well only proves that they are linked—through friendship."
She said that last word with contempt and a touch of sheer bewilderment: how could anyone
deliberately weaken himself like that? To profess a genuine liking for another, and not even for any sort of
gain! How could even a debased traitor of a Nithathil sink to friendship—and for a human?
'They are friends," Rualath repeated. "A fact, my lord, we can most definitely use. And it was your
warriors, my lord," she added coldly, "not my spell, who failed to snare him."
He acknowledged that with the barest dip of his head. "And what would you have me do, my
consort, to solve that problem?"
"Send out more warriors. Not some foolish hunters this time, but a fully trained troop."
Haralachan raised a wry brow. "So many after one mere human? Do you think so poorly of my
warriors?"
"Would I be so indiscreet, my lord? But since you hunger so for the blood of the traitor, and since
we know without doubt that the human is linked with him, then why take the admittedly small risk that he
might elude you? As," Rualath added delicately, "he has eluded you so far."
Haralachan's smile barely moved his lips. "So be it," he murmured. "Surely they will be able to find
this human, this Kevin, easily enough—since surely you have had time enough to focus your so
impressive Power on his aura."
That stung. "Of course I have, my lord," Rualath purred, lying gracefully, and privately wished
Haralachan to the deepest, cruelest, most permanent torments of Darkness. "Kevin shall be yours. And
then, my lord, the traitor Naitachal shall be yours as well." She added with cool, deliberate melodrama,
'This time, my lord, we can rejoice. The traitor and his human friend shall not escape us."
