Page 64

Chapter XVIII Comrades In Arms
Kevin stopped short, staring. "Gwenlyn? What's the matter?"
"I'm sorry," she said, suddenly sinking to the ground. "This is it This is as far as I go."
D'Senna chittered anxiously, bending over her friend, then straightening to glance nervously about at
the forest, then bending again. "You cannot stop now! Not here! We are in the middle of—of nothing!
You cannot simply—tchk, tchk, what is the human term?— give up!"
"I'm not giving up." Gwenlyn's voice was perfectly reasonable. "I'm just not walking any more."
Kevin squatted beside her. "Ach, look, I know you're tired—"
"Not just tired," she corrected, still in that too controlled tone. "Hopeless. I just can't bear to go
through another one of those stupid, useless, horrible spells that—" She broke off, blinking fiercely.
"Damn. I sound like the wispy little girls I despise."
Kevin sighed, shifting to sit beside her, pulling his lute around to lie in his lap. "No, you don't. Wispy,
my
dear young woman, is the last thing you are." To his relief, she chuckled at that. "Frankly," the Bard
continued, "I don't think I could stand much more of this being tossed about at random, either."
"Gods, what are we going to do?"
Kevin glanced about the forest with a critical eye, then gave his most nonchalant shrug. "Why, go
camping, of course."
Gwenlyn and D'Senna both stared at him as though he'd gone mad. "Ah, what?"
Kevin grinned. "Just what I said: go camping."
"But..."
"Yes. We're going to find us a nice, sheltered spot— and I think this should do nicely—with a good
source of water."
'There is a spring nearby," D'Senna cut in. "I feel the water. I could dig it free for us."
"Aha. There we are." Kevin waved a casual hand. "Lots of firewood all around for the asking. I
know how to set snares, so we should have something fresh to eat"
Gwenlyn was still staring at him as though he'd gone mad, but she contributed warily, "I know which
plants are safe to eat at this time of year. Oh, but what good is all this nonsense? We can't live here in the
wilderness forever!"
"Ah, but we won't have to. At least," Kevin added with reluctant honesty, "I hope not."
"Uh-huh."
"Look you, I haven't gone mad. But we're never going to find our way out of the chaotic mess the
spell's made of the forest. We know this spot is safe. We haven't been touched by the Gate for some
time."
"Yes, but... ah." Gwenlyn's face brightened slightly. "You think the spell is going to just run down by
itself?"
"With enough time, yes. At least," he corrected with
a weak smile, "I pray it will, and somewhere within our lifetime."
"Oh, aren't you the optimist." But Gwenlyn grinned suddenly. "Ah well, anything s better than
walking any more! Come on, D'Senna, I'll help you dig out that spring."
But as she started to her feet, Kevin held out a restraining hand. She frowned at it. "Now what?"
"Just because we haven't fallen through the spell in a while doesn't mean it isn't lurking around here
somewhere. From now on, everything we do, we do together."
Gwenlyn raised a wry brow. "Everything?"
To his disgust, Kevin felt himself reddening. "We can't afford to be squeamish, not unless we want
the spell to separate us. I don't know about you, but I really don't want to be left alone again."
She shuddered. "No. Ah well, they do say togetherness is good for the soul!"
"So, tell me, D'Senna," Kevin said suddenly, "what's it like being an Arachnia?"
