Page 65

The three were sitting in relative comfort about a small campfire, idly watching the sparks rise into
the night. Kevin had managed to catch a rabbit, by pure luck whapping it over the head before it could
escape, D'Senna had decapitated a second with a neat click of her claws, and what with that and the
plants Gwenlyn had found, they were feeling at least a little better about life.
"What is it like?" D'Senna mused. "Boring," she decided at last. "At least for me. I am, as Gwenlyn
knows, a surplus young Queen, one who will never have her own hive—and never wants one!"
"Adventure hungry, are you?"
D'Senna clicked her beak uneasily. "Not anymore. I would very much like to find myself some place
where I can live and be useful and happy."
"Like D'Krikas. He moved out of his hive, he told me, because of overcrowding."
"Yes. There are more surplus males, fertile or not, than females in a hive."
"Ah. Well. At any rate, now he's my seneschal, and he seems very happy about it. I'm happy about
it, because frankly, I don't think I could manage the castle without him. I'm not exactly," Kevin added
with a wry glance at Gwenlyn, "to the manor born." But then he straightened. "Hey now, here's a thought:
D'Krikas can always use more help, even with Tich'ki around. Never mind who she is. Do you think
you'd like to train as his assistant?"
D'Senna tensed. "A purpose? A true purpose in life for me? Akkk, yes! Yes!"
"Great." Kevin slumped. "Now all we have to do is get out of this mess."
But Gwenlyn was watching him oddly. "What?" he asked.
"You surprise me. I never thought you were the sort to worry about the happiness of others."
"Well, we didn't get much of a chance to know each other at all, now, did we?"
She had the good grace to blush. "No." Gwenlyn brushed back her disheveled black hair, then
added frankly, "Look you, Kevin, I'm sorry for the way I acted back in my fathers castle."
"It's all right. I understand."
"No, curse it, you don't. I acted like a spoiled child, and there's no excuse for that."
"You were scared. Of being trapped, I mean."
"Ha, yes. So were you."
Kevin grinned sheepishly. "Was it that evident?"
"It was."
"Uh, well, it was something very new to me. The thought of getting married, I mean. Of having to
wed, having to sire an heir. I... never had much of a chance to sit down and think about it, not after I
became count and found I had a whole castle and the lands around it as my responsibility, most certainly
not before that!"
"How did you become count? Oh, not the official story. I've heard all that."
"What do you want to hear? That I was a brave adventurer who overcame all sorts of terrible odds
to become a hero?" Kevin grinned. "It wasn't anything like that. I was a green kid, a bardling aching to do
something, to become a full Bard, who happened to run into the right sort of friends. They kept me alive
so Carlotta could be defeated."
"Oh, you say it so easily!"
"That part of it wasn't easy at all! And... not all our party survived. But we did put an end to her evil,
hopefully forever." He paused, considering. "And on a personal level it was worth all the risk: I wound up
gaining Bardhood." Kevin let his hand rest affectionately on the body of the lute.
"That's what really means something to you, isn't it?" Gwenlyn asked softly. "Not the title, not the
fame. The music."
Kevin nodded. "It is, simplistic as this sounds, what I am. I won't say I don't enjoy being a count and
all that goes with it. But I could not be me without my music."
"Gods, I envy you!" she exploded.
"What—"
"I've never done anything, gone anywhere—this," her sweep of the arm took in the night-dark forest,
"is the only adventure I've ever had."
"I'd have passed on this one, thank you."
