Page 66

"Oh, so would l! But you miss my point. You've always been allowed to do what you wanted."
"Within limits. It was Master Aidan, the Bard who taught me, sending me off on an errand that
started the whole thing."
"Yes, but you didn't have anyone saying, Tm sorry, but a noblewoman doesn't do such things as
have adventures or go places, a noblewoman isn't supposed to do anything but stay at home and learn
how to be a proper wife and mother and how to run her husband's castle so the dear man isn't bothered
by mundane matters. It's a sin if she has a brain because everyone knows noblewomen aren't expected to
think'!"
Gwenlyn stopped short, staring angrily into the fire. "I'm not going to keep whining," she muttered
after a tense moment, "I promise you."
"It wasn't whining."
"Dammit, don't start pitying me!"
Kevin threw up his hands. "Hey, I'm on your side!"
"Ah. Right." Gwenlyn drew up her legs, arms around them, resting her chin on her knees. "I don't
mean to bite, truly I don't. And I'm not stupid enough to wish myself nothing but 'a simple peasant lass.'
Simple peasant lasses tend to look old arid die young. It's only... I am so hopelessly/rastfrctoi!"
"I don't blame you."
She glanced sharply at him. "You mean that, don't you?"
"Of course. If I was being so stupidly restricted, I think I would start trying to tear down die castle
with my bare hands."
"I've considered it." Gwenlyn cocked her head. "You know, this is the first time I've been able to say
something this honest to a man. My father and I would be
screaming at each other if I just mentioned 'boredom,' and the idiots who came courting
me—present company excluded, of course," she added with a grin.
"Of course." He bowed from the waist, no easy thing with a lute in the way.
"Anyhow, they were more interested in making sure I would be a proper brood mare in mind and
body." She uncurled suddenly, her tattered riding outfit giving Kevin an intriguing flash of bare legs. "Ach,
enough. What is, as the saying goes, is."
"I would never treat a woman like a mindless brood mare," Kevin said very carefully, not quite sure
why he felt it was so very necessary she know that.
She stared at him with a disconcertingly steady gaze. "No. I don't think you would."
For a moment Kevin could do nothing but look into those amazing indigo eyes.... Suddenly
embarrassed, he straightened with a laugh. "Lydia—that's my commander-in-chief—would never allow
it!"
"Your commander-in-chief is a woman?" Gwenlyn asked incredulously. "How marvelously strange!
I've only seen a few warrior women, and only from a distance."
"Oh, you'd like our Lydia. Tough and free-spirited as they come—she'd probably have you learning
sword-play the moment she met you and be lecturing you on your rights as a free and independent human
being at the same time."
Gwenlyn giggled, a delicious little sound that seemed to shiver right through Kevin. "I think I might
like that. And I bet I'd like her! And what about the friend you had with you? The mysterious harpist in
the black cloak? Is he a Bard, too?"
All laughter slid away from Kevin. "Yes," he murmured, feeling the night turning chill. "His name is
Naitachal, but I... don't know where he is now. I can only pray he's safe."
"I take it he got caught in this stupid spell, too."
"Worse. I have the horrible feeling it was set specifically for him." Kevin hesitated uncertainly, then
added, "Naitachal is a Dark Elf," and braced himself for her reaction.
But to his immense surprise, all Gwenlyn said was, "Oh, is he the one?"
"I beg your pardon?"
"I hadn't known he'd become a Bard. And don't give me that bewildered stare! He's in the official
story of Carlotta's defeat, too, you know."
