Page 67

"Ah. Of course."
"How terribly difficult it must have been for him to change his entire life like that. And how wonderful
that he succeeded!"
Hearing the sympathy in her voice, Kevin astonished himself by feeling a little stab of—oh, no, it
couldn't possibly be jealousy—could it? "Yes, it was difficult," he said gruffly. "But he did it. I only hope
his kin haven't caught him."
She stared at him in dawning horror. "The—the Dark Elves? Good gods, I hope not! Ach, Kevin,
forgive me. Here I am babbling on about how frustrated I am with my life when all the time you're
worried about your friends very life!"
"It's not knowing if there's something I can do, something I'm missing, that's the worst of it."
D'Senna, who had been standing restlessly nearby, asked suddenly, "Have you tried music?"
Kevin glanced up at her. She looked very inhuman indeed in the dim light, the fire glinting weirdly off
her segmented eyes and turning the hints of iridescence on her skin to small rainbows of glittering color.
"What, Bardic Magic, you mean?" he asked her. "Oh, yes. Whenever I could be sure the music
wouldn't bring enemies down on my head."
"And?"
"Nothing. Wherever Naitachal is, he's beyond the range of my music."
"You could try again," Gwenlyn suggested. "Right now. Who knows? This time it just might work."
Kevin forced a light smile. "Can't refuse two lovely ladies, now, can I?"
At first, he felt incredibly awkward with Gwenlyn watching him, self-conscious as he hadn't felt since
the old days of being a bardling. You idiot, what's the matter with you? Are you a Bard or not?
Covering his confusion as best he could, Kevin took a long, careful time tuning the lute's strings.
Finally, though, he could stall no longer. Raising his lute, he began to play.
And almost from the first notes, the wonder happened, as it always did. The music began to take
over, wiping out nervousness, losing him in its shape and sound. Little by little, Bardic Magic roused as
he played, taking shape, calling to Naitachal, calling...
Nothing. Not the slightest psychic response from Naitachal. Kevin sighed softly and let the music
trail away.
"I felt it," D'Senna said softly. "I felt the magic of the call shivering through me."
"So did I," Gwenlyn murmured, eyeing Kevin with new respect. "But there wasn't an answer, was
there?"
Kevin shook his head. "Wherever he is, its beyond my reach."
"Oh, but that doesn't mean anything. Remember this Gate Spell or whatever you call it. There's
probably enough weird magic already loose in the forest
to confuse any other spell."
Kevin stared at her, then let out a laugh of relief. "Yes, of course! Gwenlyn, thank you! It's such an
obvious thing, but I missed it completely. Of course you're right. Ha, yes, with so much chaotic magic
swirling about, it's no wonder Naitachal can't hear me!"
Because he was blazing with this sudden new hope, Kevin let out his emotions in music, playing this
time just for Gwenlyn. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw D'Senna move off into shadow, chittering
ever so softly in amusement. Now what did she find so funny? He could have sworn he heard her
murmur something about "Something interesting starting... one of those odd soft-bodied matters."
Between me and Gwenlyn? Oh, nonsense.
Kevin deliberately picked some of the brightest, most cheerful tunes he knew, tunes that sounded as
though the music was giggling to itself or dancing wildly, and was delighted to see Gwenlyn's eyes sparkle
with pleasure. She liked music, yes, she did! Buoyed by her delight and by a strange new joy he couldn't
quite define, Kevin played on and on.
But bit by bit, the music changed. As the Bard glanced up from time to time and saw Gwenlyn's
eyes so bright, her lips ever so slightly parted in a smile, the melodies grew ever so slowly more tender,
more romantic. Ah, fool, fool, why had he not noticed before this just how beautiful those bright eyes
were? Why had he not noticed just how lovely she was?
