Page 68

The music faded and was gone. Kevin and Gwen leaned tentatively towards each other. Hardly
daring to believe what was happening, he felt his lips brush hers—
"Enemies!" D'Senna shrilled. "Enemies are coming!"
Chapter XIX Warriors
Alone in his private chambers, well-warded rooms in which every stone in every wall, the ceiling and
floor, was guarded by threefold spells to which only he knew the secrets of setting or releasing,
Haralachan lounged in apparent ease on a couch covered in priceless black spidersilk, his fingers
steepled under his chin. But there was nothing at all restful about his thoughts.
Yes, curse her to the deepest Darkness for her cleverness, Rualath had been right. The human, the
traitor s friend, this... Kevin... was almost certainly the key to capturing Naitachal. Haralachan paused to
reflect once more on that bizarre weakness so foreign to proper Nithathil thought and action: friendship.
As best Haralachan could understand the concept, it meant something that bound you to another,
uselessly, not for gain of any sort.
And when that other chances to fall, as must all weaklings, so, perforce, do you—phaugh, what a
ridiculous obscenity!
But he had never been one to scorn something that might prove of use. This friendship was a
weakness,
yes, something to be scorned by any sensible Dark Elf—but a weakness that, since it affected the
traitor as it did, would be most decidedly useful.
Still, it had been a definite mistake to underestimate the youngster, Kevin, mere human though he
was. Common hunters should never have been sent after him. Ah, no, full warriors should have been sent
instead—though of course, Haralachan thought dourly, he would never admit to having made that
mistake.
But, the Dark Elf lord mused, are even my warriors going to be sufficient? Of course a troop of
them would be more than powerful enough to capture one lone human. One ordinary human. But from
everything he'd heard, the traitor's friend was not exactly ordinary.
Haralachan frowned thoughtfully. The human is said to be a Bard, even as Naitachal has become.
We know so little of this music, these strange sounds our foolish White Elf kin and the humans seem to
enjoy so much. Odd, odd, to enjoy a mere progression of tones....Haralachan waved that away as just
one more example of his people s superiority over others. But he wouldn't wave away the subject of
Bards as well. Yes, a Bard is said to be one skilled in performing music. But surely there is more to such
a creature than mere showmanship? I know what Necromantic Power Naitachal possesses. But what of
Kevin? What odd Powers might a human Bard possess? Powers of which we know nothing?
Ridiculous to worry about what a human might or might not do. Still... there had been one mistake
made already. There must not be—would not be— another. Perhaps, Haralachan mused, leaning his chin
on his hands, he should add another weapon to his plan. One that had proven the only useful aspect of
the situation so far.
Yes. It would be done.
 * * *
Moving as silently as she could along the quiet corridors, all her senses alert, Amaranthia shivered in
delicious fright. The caverns of Lord Haralachan were so incredibly dark, particularly for one without
Nithathil night-vision, and so intriguingly full of who-knew-what perils.
Adding to the strange, frightening thrill of potential danger was the knowledge that should she
happen to fall afoul of one of the lord's more risky subjects—an alarmingly number of whom seemed to
