Page 69

show quite a nasty interest in this White Elf who dared stray into their realm—only Haralachan would
raise a hand to help her, and that only if the whim so moved him. Down here, there was no family clan to
shield her, no one to protect her. She was totally on her own, reliant only on her own cunning and
courage for survival.
"Ah, look," said a sudden voice behind her, and Amaranthia, who had thought herself quite alone,
nearly screamed in shock, turning so sharply she nearly fell. A tall, elegant figure stood before her,
bowing with intricate, mocking grace. "Our little White Elf cousin graces our corridors."
Ah, now she knew him. And wished he'd chosen some other corridor to prowl. But she would not
show him any alarm. "My lord Tanarchal." Amarantibia let the words fall coldly from her lips. "Are you
not far from your place?"
He raised a hand to lightly touch her long, golden hair. "My place, child, is wherever I choose to
make it."
"Your place," she snapped, pulling sharply back out of his reach, "is wherever my Lord Haralachan
allows it to be."
Perfect elven teeth glinted whitely in the darkness
in a smile absolutely without humor. "Such a brave little one, trying to play our games, trying to ape
our ways. Never once seeing just how big a fool she is."
Amaranthia stiffened. "You go too far, my lord!"
Tanarchal chuckled. "Brave and daring, too. What, will you slap me for the insult, like some delicate
human lady peeved at her human lord? No. You are surely not quite that foolish." He paused, studying
her. "Ah, she rages. But anger will not change the truth, child. Silly little White Elf, can you not see it?"
"What are you talking about?"
"Simply this." His eyes glittered coldly. "Keep up your silly games. Try all you will. But no matter
how much you wish it, no matter how hard you try to play the role, you will never change one
fair-skinned, fair-haired bit of you. You can never be a Nithathil, girl."
"That's ridiculous! I don't want to be one of you!"
"Don't you?"
"No! I am myself, curse you! I don't—"
But Tanarchal had already turned and strolled away, contemptuously presenting his back to her as,
she knew, he would never have dared do to one of his own race. And she—oh, she longed so fiercely to
stab a knife through that mocking back she could all but feel the hilt of the blade in her hand.
But, no. Haralachan had warned her once against it. Tanarchal, he had hinted to her, was his
prey-to-be, and no one else dared steal that prey from him.
"Amaranthia," a soft voice murmured, and she started, hand going to the magical gem on its chain
about her neck almost guiltily. Glancing down at it, she asked warily, "My Lord Haralachan. What would
you?"
"Come to me, Amaranthia. In my chambers."
Ae, had he been spying on her? Had he seen her
with Tanarchal? But surely then he knew she hadn't been plotting against him!
7 wasn't plotting anything!
"Amaranthia. I shall not repeat myself. Come. To my chambers."
Who knew what strange, dark things might take place behind those spell-guarded walls? But one
did not even dream of arguing with Haralachan. "At once, my lord," Amaranthia said, and hurried
forward.
The doors opened silently at her knock. Amaranthia stepped cautiously inside, seeing next to nothing
in the darkness, heart pounding, wondering for a panic-stricken moment if Haralachan had grown bored
of her presence in his realm or decided she had somehow betrayed him, if he meant to casually destroy
her.
"Here," said a quiet voice.
He was waiting in his small audience chamber, dimly lit by two blue-flamed candles, lounging at ease
on his black silk-covered couch. "So, my pale little one," the Dark Elf lord purred, and gestured to her to
