Page 70

approach. Amaranthia obeyed, falling submissively to her knees before him.
"My Lord Haralachan."
Head bowed in wary respect, she felt his hand touch her hair, stroking it with just a touch too much
force to be pleasant. "So fearful, my pale little one." His voice was still as silken as the couch. "Have you
something, perhaps, about which to be fearful?"
His hand closed with sudden, painful force on her hair, pulling her head back. Forced to look up at
him, Amaranthia banned all thoughts of Tanarchal from her mind and said with all the fervor she could
muster, "No, my lord! Never!"
"Hmm, now, I wonder..."
He was merely toying with her, Amaranthia realized
with a rush of relief, playing at cruelty as he sometimes did, without any real anger behind the words.
But that didn't make the hand tangled so harshly in her hair any easier to bear. Struggling to keep the
tears of pain from her eyes, Amaranthia told him as steadily as she could, "My Lord Haralachan, I have
been totally faithful to you. Surely you know that. I have done everything you requested of me."
"Ah yes. My loyal little game piece." Without warning, he released her hair. But before she could
pull away, one elegant finger with its sharp-pointed nail not quite gently traced down the line of her cheek
and jaw, making her shiver. "You shall be rewarded, Amaranthia."
In that moment, she wasn't so sure she wanted such a thing.
But then Haralachan abandoned his languid pretense, straightening like a suddenly alert predator.
"But first, my pale little one, before any hope of reward, you must perform one more service for me."
"Anything, my lord."
"Oh, indeed. Listen, my dear, and obey."
"Enemies!" D'Senna shrilled, and Kevin and Gwenlyn started. "Enemies are coming!"
"Oh my gods," Gwenlyn breathed in horror, and Kevin silently echoed her. The foes who had so
suddenly stepped out of the night were not the Dark Elf hunters who had pursued him with such sadistic
glee but who had been, despite the determined way they'd followed him, relatively easy to escape. No,
he could see all too clearly, even in the darkness, that these were true Nithathil warriors, grimly
purposeful, not the sort to be swayed from their mission by pleasure or rage. They were clad alike in dull
black mail and lightweight helms that he suspected had been strengthened by sorcery, and
they carried their swords with chill efficiency, their eyes like so many hard blue gems. To try fighting
this lot with steel, one against their many, would be far worse than facing the hunters, far worse than
hopeless.
But Kevin, for all his alarm, was still half caught in the spell of his music. Without stopping to think
this might network, Dark Elves don't even have music, he raised his lute and began to play.
Yes, but play what?
There weren't any specific Bardic songs to handle this situation: Kevin knew he could create fight or
ward off monsters with his music—but Dark Elves weren't going to cringe from that cool blue magical
light and weren't mindless monsters. Desperately, he began the most soothing, mesmerizing songs he
knew, willing softness on the elves, soft helplessness.
And to his immense relief, the magic gradually began to work, so subtly the warriors plainly weren't
even aware of what was happening to them. The swords began to waver in their hands, their fierce eyes
to glaze. A little more Bardic song, just a little more, and they would be asleep on their feet....
"No, you idiots!" a woman's voice screamed. "It's noise, just noise! It has no power!"
Amaranthia! It was Amaranthia, proving without further doubt with whom she was allied, rushing
forward in a blur of white silk to grab Kevin s arm, pulling his hand away from the lute strings, breaking
the spell. Both he and the Dark Elves were equally stunned by the suddenness of the magic s
shattering—but it was the Dark Elves who recovered first. Before Kevin could drop the lute and whip
out his sword, they were swarming over him, bearing him down, pinning him helplessly against the
ground.
"Run!" he yelled to Gwenlyn and D'Senna.
Then someone was hissing strange, alien words in his ear—the words all too clearly a Nithathil spell
