Page 71

because all at once reality dissolved into colored sparks, then darkness.
"Kevin!" Gwenlyn screamed, but D'Senna's hand had already clamped securely about her arm. "No,
wait, we can't abandon—"
"We must!"
D'Senna, young Arachnia though she was, was far stronger than any human woman. Gwenlyn,
cursing, sobbing, was dragged helplessly after her like a child after its mother until at last the truth sank in
and she ran along with the Arachnia. They forced their way through thick underbrush, at last taking refuge
under a mass of tree roots and leaves, huddling together, trying to gasp in air without making a sound.
For a long while nothing happened. The forest seemed to settle into its normal stirrings and rustlings.
At last Gwenlyn dared straighten enough to stare out into the night.
"It's all right," she said softly. "No one followed us."
D'Senna shuddered as much as her stiff Arachnia form would permit. "That is not a good thing."
Gwenlyn stared. "Did you want to be chased?"
"No. But that they did not even try to follow us means the Nithathili came here specifically to catch
Kevin."
"Oh dear gods, it does. D'Senna, we can't let the Dark Elves have him, we can't!"
"No. Of course not. But... what can we do? They are many, and we are only two—and hardly
trained warriors, either of us."
Gwenlyn sat down with a despairing sigh. "No. Hardly that. We have to find help. But—where? Oh,
D'Senna, where?"
Chapter XX Lost...
Count Trahern, Lydia thought, was riding with all the grim, silent determination of a ghostly
horseman. In all this time that they'd been travelling back from the shrine of Saint Verdain, he hadn't said
more than one word to her, to anyone.
Can't say I blame him. If it was my kid who'd disappeared, I wouldn't be feeling so chatty, either.
Poor guy. And what can I possibly say to him? "It's all right, your daughter's just disappeared in the
middle of the wilderness without any supplies, nothing to worry about, and for all I know, Kevin's as lost
and out of luck as Gwenlyn?" Ha. Wouldn't that be comforting!
"Here's the head of the trail," the count said so suddenly Lydia started. "The one my daughter and
her escort might have followed from my castle." He looked helplessly around. "Damn! If only we had
some decent trackers with us!"
"I can follow a track pretty well," Lydia drawled. "Allow me."
He shot her an amazed gknce, eyebrows raised. "You never do fail to surprise me."
"Good," she retorted. "I like keeping my men off balance."
Blast it, I didn't mean to say that. Now he'll think I'm being—Powers Above help me— coy!
"Cute," Tich'ki muttered in her ear. "Very cute. Next you'll be fluttering a fan and batting your pretty
little eyelashes at him."
Lydia opened her mouth, closed it again without saying anything. If she answered the fairy, Count
Trahern would almost surely think she'd gone over the edge and was talking to her hair. Huh, she thought
angrily, you'd love to see me make a total fool of myself, wouldn't you? Particularly if you could help.
There were disadvantages to having a fairy for a friend. One of them being the fairy love for nasty
practical jokes.
Right. I haven't forgotten that time we were riding guard for that caravan, you, me, and that very
nice-looking blond fellow. Just when we finally managed to get a few moments alone, him and me and—I
