Page 72

thought—no one else anywhere nearby, your spear just happened to stab him right in the rump. An
accident, you swore. Sure it was.
Ah hell, the guy had been pretty brainless anyhow. And his look of sheer shock and outrage was
kind of funny, now. But Lydia wasn't ready to stop being angry yet. And where were you, you cursed
little fairy nuisance, she wondered hotly, while I was wasting time in Saint Verdain's precious shrine?
Trying to help me? Not a chance! You were probably off trying to pick some merchant's pocket and—
"Lydia," Tich'ki cried sharply, all mockery gone, "watch out! Don't go any further!"
But Lydia's horse, shying at the shrill little voice, had already stepped forward. The animal suddenly
stumbled, then flailed about in panic, screaming, nearly unseating her, as the world blurred wildly
about them. Before she had a chance to really panic as well, her horse had caught its balance again and
stood trembling, ears flat back.
Lydia looked around in sheer disbelief, seeing trees that weren't exactly the trees she'd seen a
moment ago, trying desperately to regain her stunned senses. The others had fallen through... whatever...
with her, and for a time the air was full of the frightened squealings of horses and the cursing of men, not
all of whom had managed to stay in the saddle,
"What," Count Trahern said, struggling to soothe his own horse, "in the name of all the demons of
the Seven Hells, was that? And where, for that matter, are we?"
"Another part of the forest, I think," Lydia told him uneasily. "Literally."
"Don't you get the point?" Tich'ki shot out of hiding, wings an iridescent blur. 'That was a Gate! A
sorcer-ous Gate!"
"A fairy!" the count exclaimed in shock, snatching for a weapon.
"A human!" Tich'ki sneered, fluttering out of reach.
"A friend," Lydia added. "More or less. Tich'ki, what do you mean, a Gate?"
"What part of 'Gate' didn't you understand?" the fairy snapped. But after a moment of watching the
humans' confusion (and probably, Lydia thought, enjoying it), she relented enough to add an explanation.
"Someone must have cast open a sorcerous portal a while back. You know, the sort of thing that lets you
step from here to there without wasting time going in between. A Gate. Don't see them too often."
"Well, thank the gods for that," the count muttered.
"Yeah, right, whatever. Anyhow, the reason you don't see Gates too often is that they take a lot of
Power to open and keep open. They're not very stable at the best of times. My guess is, something went
wrong with this particular Gate and the whole thing shattered. And whoever set it wasn't too careful
about picking up all the scattered bits of the broken spell. As for us..." Tich'ki shrugged expressively.
"We were the lucky folks who fell through one of those bits."
"Oh. Wonderful. Trahern, do you have any idea where we are?"
If he'd noticed Lydia dropping his tide, the count didn't comment on it. "I think I know where we are
now," he murmured, standing in the stirrups for a better look around. "Mmm, yes. I do. If I'm right, and
we keep due west for perhaps half a day, we should come out not too outrageously far from the trail we
need. We should even end up closer to my castle. Unless... fairy, ah, Tich'ki, do you know if we're likely
to come across any more of those broken spell bits?"
She shrugged in midair. "Not my sort of magic. I'd say the best thing to do is just keep going and see
what happens. We'll know if they're around if we fall through them."
"Charming thought." Count Trahern glanced back at his men, who had all managed to remount by
now and seemed reasonably under control. "Everyone all right? Yes? Then let's go on."
But he rode with weapon to hand. As did they all.
"Fat lot of good swords are going to be against sorcery," Tich'ki muttered in Lydia's ear.
"Huh. That's why you've got your own spear out? Or maybe you're going to use it as a magic
detector?"
Tich'ki jabbed her in the shoulder with the spear, just hard enough to sting, and darted away before
Lydia
could retaliate. "Can't be too careful now, can we?" the fairy taunted. "We don't all have nice,
handsome noblemen boyfriends to protect us!"
