Page 73

Oh, damn, now she was blushing again. Bad as a girl with her first crush, Lydia thought in
self-disgust.
Trahern glanced her way. "If that is a friend of yours," he murmured, "I don't believe I wish to see
your enemies."
"Don't have any," Lydia retorted sharply.
"Eh?"
"Living, that is."
Satisfied she'd restored at least some of her warrior honor, she rode on.
Naitachal glanced back at his faithful adherents. Still there, the scruffy lot of them, still determinedly
following him. Not one of them seemed to realize— or at least be bothered by—the fact that their leader
s thoughts faded in and out of reality from time to time.
More to the point, he thought drily, they seemed to believe his occasional vagueness all part of his
aura of fearsome sorcerous Power. When he went fuzzy on them, they thought he was concentrating on
focusing his magics or memorizing his spells or something along those lines. Bah, he really was beginning
to feel like a duck being faithfully trailed by its ducklings.
I've had to fight off so many waves of that cursed Chaos Gate I'm surprised I still have any more
brains than a duck.
But the spells Power did seem, at last, to be dissipating. Today he had actually been able to keep
more than one coherent thought in his head at a time.
For what good that served. No matter how I struggk, I can't seem to focus on Kevin's aura yet. 7...
hope
that's just because of the interference from all those wandering bits of sorcery.
Someone was pulling at his sleeve. Naitachal whirled with elven speed, more angry at himself for
being startled than at the human for startling him, and fixed the offender with as sorcerous a glare as he
could manage. The bandit shrank back with a gasp. "Sorry."
"What is it?" Naitachal snapped. "You have disturbed my thoughts of sorcery. The reason for that
disturbance had best be something of worth."
"Uh... well... we were... uh... all of us were wondering—"
"Wondering what, you idiots? Wondering why I don't strike you down where you stand?"
They flinched at that, and some of them, particularly the scrawny youngster, Kem, actually blanched.
But the bandit who'd pulled at his sleeve continued doggedly, "Well... uh... you said we were going to
find that Count Kevin."
"And so we are."
"Uh, yeah, sure. We're not arguing, see. Only... all we seem to be doing so far is a lot of walking,
and—"
"And what?" Naitachal snapped.
But he was far from feeling as confident as the chill Nithathil image he was projecting. Humans were
often a tricky lot, particularly those of such a desperate, low class. This was the first sign of rebellion from
them; small though it was, he knew if he didn't stop it now, the fickle creatures would turn on him, his
bright promises of a pardon notwithstanding.
"Are you accusing me of lying to you?" Naitachal asked coldly. "Are you actually daring to accuse
me of anything?" As he spoke, Naitachal slid subtly into shadow, knowing from previous experience with
humans that normal elven reflexes would cause his eyes to glint redly as they adjusted to the
darkness. Judging from the sudden new terror on the bandits' faces, the effect was working very nicely.
"Well?" he challenged, glaring. "Answer me! Do you dare accuse me?"
"No, no," they all stammered out in a tangle of voices, "of course not!"
He held up a stern hand, and they all fell obediently silent. "I need not depend on anything as slow as
foot travel. Surely even such as you understand that. But you are human, only that. We have no steeds of
any sort, nor could I magic any that would bear your land." Nor could I magic any steeds, Naitachal
added to himself with wry honesty. Never was one for that type of magic. "If you know of any faster way
for humans on foot to travel, speak up now."
