Page 74

Silence.
"So." He fixed them all once more with his most sorcerous glare. "I am your leader or I am not.
Which is it to be?"
They assured him in an eager babble that of course he was their leader, they were honored that he
was their leader, they would never even dream of challenging him again. With a thin smile, Naitachal
turned his back on them (not without an atavistic tingling between his shoulder blades; he still wasn't used
to being able to safely turn his back on anyone, and these were hardly trusted friends) and stalked on.
One more battle won. Even if it was against these creatures. Nothing to do now but keep leading his
adopted band of robber scum in as logical a path as he could manage. Eventually what was left of the
Gate Spell would vanish completely and give him a chance to find Kevin.
I hope.
And, he hoped, before the bandits woke up to the fact that their new leader wasn't bringing them
any closer to riches or that pardon.
Ah well, if the worst comes to the worst, I suppose I can sing them all to sleep long enough for me
to make my escape. Naitachal grimly blocked sudden memories of earlier, darker days when
Necromancy would have put a more definite end to any such human nuisances. He fought to ignore the
sly little urge telling him that it would be so easy, just a few Words, a few quick, deadly touches to fragile
human flesh—
No! He was not a Necromancer any longer! Come what may, he refused to be a Necromancer!
There are advantages to being a Bard, Naitachal thought dourly. Unless, of course, one of the
bandits turns out to be tone-deaf. From everything Master Aidan told me, Bardic Magic can't slide its
musical way into the mind of someone who is totally tone-deaf.
Naitachal shook his head in wry amusement. He had troubles enough without starting to imagine
more.
"Onward, my gallant band," he said with a deliberately melodramatic sweep of arm. "Onward to
glory."
Or whatever.
Chapter XXI And Found
Tich'ki came whirring back to Lydia so fast the woman heard the thrum of her wings. "Dead men up
ahead," the fairy panted. "Looks like someone ran into an ambush."
"Oh gods," Count Trahern murmured. "Was there... a young woman among them?"
The fairy hesitated, looking uneasy for one of the few times Lydia could remember. "I don't want to
scare you," she said at last. "I don't know what your daughter looks like. So I think you'd better see this
for yourself before—"
But with an anguished shout, Trahern kicked his horse into a gallop, shooting past her with such
force she swayed in the air."—you go into a panic," she finished weakly.
"Come on," Lydia said grimly. "Might as well learn the truth and get it over with."
Tich'ki was right. These men definitely had been ambushed. Most of the bodies bore arrow wounds
and signs they'd been dragged from their horses without having m uch of a chance to fight back. Count
Trahern
searched them wildly. "Deran, Terek, yes, yes, and here's Degalth, you damned idiot." He glanced
sharply up at Tich'ki. "Where is she?"
"Over here. But I—"
Trahern was already turning over the sad little body. He stared a moment, then let out a sigh of
