Page 75

relief. "It's not Gwenlyn. This is one of her maidservants, the poor unlucky..."
His voice trailed into silence. If Gwenlyn wasn't here, the odds were overwhelming that she had
been carried off by the bandits. And that meant the slain maidservant might be the lucky one.
"We'll find her," Lydia said confidently into the silence. "You, and you, get out of my way."
Crouching, she studied the torn-up earth. Lots of frantically milling horses trampling about. But yes...
these were definitely the footprints of the bandits, not the well-shod feet of a count's guards but men
wearing makeshift sandals or worn-out boots. Now, if she could only find... hah, yes, look at this, here
were the dainty prints of a woman's booted foot. Had to be Gwenlyn. Mm, yes, and judging from the
disturbed earth here, she'd put up quite a good fight. Lost it, of course, one girl against all those bandits.
No signs that they had... ah... harmed her.
But where did they go? They had to have left... ah, yes... here were the signs showing which way the
bandits had gone, a mass of footprints, with one small, elegant footprint in their midst showing the bandits
had, indeed, carried Gwenlyn off.
"This way," Lydia said shortly, still studying the ground. Light was tricky in a forest, what with
swaying branches and lots of shadows, but natural light gave a truer picture for trackers than did torch
flames, which flattened everything out, and she wanted to get as far
as possible before sundown. "Someone take my horse. Hey, you! Stay behind me. Don't block my
sight"
The trail was clear enough. Although one of the bandits had made a rudimentary effort to wipe out
their footprints with a branch, he'd been nicely clumsy at it. Lydia moved smoothly along, reading broken
twigs here, clear footprint there, scrap of cloth on this branch.
Then Tich'ki was suddenly screaming, "Sorcery! Stop!"
Lydia did stop, throwing herself frantically backwards—but die others didn't stop, not quite in time,
and they pushed her with them through yet another blurring of the world to come out to a jarring landing
in—
"Oh hell," Lydia said in disgust, scrambling up and brushing herself off, looking about at an unfamiliar
glade, hearing an uproar of terrified horses and men behind her. "Now where are we?"
Count Trahern was afoot, clutching his panicky horse s bridle in a deathlike grip, his eyes wild with
despair. "Why now, dammit?" he cried to no one in particular. "Why, just when we'd found the track—"
With a visible effort at self-control, the count answered Lydia in a choked voice, "I don't know. Some
other corner of forest. Ah gods, why? Now we'll never find her! Now well never find my little girl!"
Not knowing what else to do, Lydia put a comforting hand on his shoulder. His own hand closed
firmly on hers, and just for a moment she was sure he was going to brush her fingers with his lips. But
then he released her, almost brusquely. "There's no help for it," the count said grimly. "We must go
forward."
"Yeah. The forest doesn't go on forever. We'll find our way back." Eventually.
Tich'ki, who had been ranging ahead of them, came
speeding back like a falcon, zooming down for a landing on a branch just over Lydia's head.
"Weird."
"What's weird?" Lydia asked in alarm, craning her head back.
The fairy shrugged, the shivering of her wings giving away her uneasiness. "I'm not sure. Could have
sworn I just sensed our Dark Elf friend—"
"Naitachal! Where?"
"Who knows? I think I sensed him, but I sure don't see him anyplace. He could be anywhere! With
all this broken-up magic wandering about, it's really rough to figure anything out."
Lydia, all set to retort, It usually is for you, bit back the easy jest. Instead, she found herself glancing
back at Count Trahern. "Yeah," she said softly. "It sure is."
Naitachal admitted wearily to himself that by now he was thoroughly sick of forest and forest and
yet more forest. At least the spell's pull had deteriorated sufficiently for his mind to stay clear for
reassuringly long stretches. And he was managing to lead the bandits in a relatively straight path.
But what good is that? Where are we going? I don't sense Kevin anywhere!
