Page 76

There hadn't been any more open signs of rebellion in the ranks, but he could hear the faintest
discontented murmurings andfeel their restlessness growing.
In a few moments, Naitachal knew, he was going to have to turn and confront them again. But
intimidating them now, he thought with a silent sigh, would be a temporary measure at best. Sooner or
later he was either going to have to show them something positive, or else give up on the whole idea of
using them to help him, and simply find a way to escape the tedious, useless lot of them.
But suddenly Naitachal stopped short, staring, listening, with senses far beyond the human. Could
that be... yes! Magical blood always called to magical blood, and he could swear he sensed none other
than that quirky little Tich'ki! Tich'ki! he shouted mentally. And again, Tich'ki! I'm here! Where are you?
"I don't believe it!"
Lydia looked up at that startled cry to see Tich'ki freeze in midair, dropping a good hand before she
recovered and got her wings working again. "What's the matter?"
The fairy swooped down to land on her shoulder, hanging onto her hair. "Naitachal just called to
me! I don't see him anywhere, but I swear I heard him!"
"Can you cast any sort of spell? Get him here?"
Tich'ki shrugged. "Never was much of a magician. You know that. Still... I wonder... uh-huh. Worth
a try."
"What?"
"Remember how I located the jewels that thief of a merchant was hiding?"
"They were his jewels," Lydia murmured.
"Details, mere details. Anyhow, remember what I did?"
"Nearly got me arrested, if memory serves."
"That was after! How was I to know the guard would wake up and sneeze when he did?"
"How could he help it? I told you not to use that feather to snare the keys—"
"Never mind, never mind. What I'm trying to say is that I did use a spell back then, a Finding Spell.
It's not much of a spell, I admit it, not the sort of thing you want to use to find something as big as an elf.
But who
knows? Everything else around here has been so weird and unpredictable it just might work."
"Well? Try it."
"All right. Here we go." Tich'kis small form went rigid on Lydia s shoulder, and the woman guessed
she was trying to call to Naitachal, mind to mind. "Ahh," the fairy murmured after a moment, so softly
Lydia almost didn't hear her. Glancing sideways, she saw Tich'kis gaze go fierce and remote.
She s reached Naitachal, all right. At least I hope it's Naitachal she's reached!
Tich'ki was muttering odd, odd syllables in the fairy tongue. Lydia wasn't sure exactly what spell she
was casting—it didn't quite sound like anything Tich'ki had ever tried before—but whatever the spell
was, it was working. Or at least, Lydia thought warily, it was starting something, an odd prickling of the
air around the fairy, a strange, small tension that was beginning to feel very annoying. Lydia sighed in
relief when Tich'ki suddenly launched herself into the air, flying blindly forward. And suddenly the air
before the fairy shimmered so strongly Lydia blinked, dazzled.
"Tich'ki, be careful..."
But as suddenly as the dropping of a veil, the shimmer was gone, revealing yet more forest beyond
it, and— "Naitachal!" Lydia shouted.
Count Trahern hurried to her side. "What are you doing?" he whispered fiercely. "That's a Dark Elf!"
"Yeah, of course it is, our Dark Elf. Naitachal, I'd like you to meet Count Trahern."
The elf swept down in an elegant bow, his blue eyes amused. "We have, though I doubt the count
realizes it, already met."
"Your pardon." Count Trahern was hardly about to let a Dark Elf top him for courtesy. "If so, I fear
I truly do not remember."
"The fault is mine." Only someone who knew Naitachal could have detected the tiny edge of
mockery in his voice. "I never was actually introduced to you, after all. But I was the Bard who harped
while Count Kevin sang." Ignoring Count Traherns start, he added to Lydia, "You... wouldn't happen to
