Page 77

have seen him, would you?"
"I was kind of hoping you had. Naitachal, what—"
But Lydia was interrupted by the count s men rushing forward to encircle and drag forward a
scruffy, nervously struggling group of men. "Ah," Naitachal said mildly, "I see you've found my loyal
followers."
"Followers!" Lydia snapped. "Are you crazy, Naitachal? Those have got to be bandits!"
"We all have our little faults."
But Count Trahern was stalking fiercely forward, asking them, "My daughter, damn you, where is
my daughter?"
They shrank before his fury, stammering, "N-never saw her." "Don't know whatcha talking about."
But one scrawny youngster cut in, just a moment too late for his voice to be lost in the others, "We
didn't hurt her."
He fell silent, horrified at what he'd just as good as confessed, and the furious count grabbed him by
the neck of his filthy tunic, almost lifting him from the ground. "Where is she?" Trahern roared. "What
have you done with my daughter?"
"You're choking the boy," Naitachal said quietly. "Let him go. I can learn the truth far more easily."
There was just the faintest hint of dark menace in the simple words. "Come, let him go."
Reluctantly, the count complied. As Naitachal moved
softly forward, Kern's terrified glance shot his way, full of frantic pleading. "Kem. Listen to me. You
will not be hurt if only you tell me exactly what you and your fellows have done. Did you, indeed, carry
off this man's daughter?"
Held helpless by the sorcerous blue gaze, Kem at first could only nod But then he croaked out,
"D-didn't know who she was, only that she w-was a noblewoman."
"I see. And did you or your fellows harm her?"
"No! I swear it! N-not really. I mean," Kem added hastily, seeing Count Trahern tense, "she put up
a fight, we mighta bruised her a bit, but there wasn't nothing serious, honest. We didn't... uh... you know,
do anything deliberate-like."
"Ah." Naitachal glanced at the count. "I think you may just have earned back your life with your
honesty. If you answer the next question as well, that is. Where is she?"
Kem licked his lips with a nervous tongue. "Dunno."
"What?" Count Trahern cut in savagely. "How could you not know?"
"I don't! I swear it!"
Naitachal held up a hand before Trahern could interrupt again. "What do you know of where she
went?"
The boy shivered. "First she went down into a hive."
"An Arachnia hive, I take it."
"She'd be safe down there," the count muttered. "I've always had fair dealing with the Arachnia."
"And is she still there?" Naitachal asked the boy.
"N-no. She left. That's what I heard the Bugs saying before we ran off. She and one of them went
off into the forest. And that's all I know. It's the truth!"
"So it is," Naitachal agreed after a moment's intense study of the boy. "It would appear we have not
one lost
soul to find but two." The elf turned with a sigh and walked back to where Lydia stood watching.
"How did you get hooked up with that lot?" she asked sharply.
"Not intentionally, I assure you. They were trying to kill me, I was trying to save my life, and one
thing led to another. They seem to have adopted me. And by this point I can't really be easily rid of them.
I— ah—promised them something, you see."
"What was it?" the count asked flatly.
"Ah well, a full pardon—"
"What!"
"—if they agreed to help me find Count Kevin. Count Trahern," the elf added coolly, "I am not
