Page 78

about to cast off anyone who might help us find Kevin or, now, your daughter."
He held the count's glance transfixed until at last Trahern managed to tear his gaze away. "True," the
count muttered "So be it." Turning to the warily watching bandits, he said with full noble force, "I add my
promise to that already given you. Anyone who helps us find my daughter Gwenlyn and Count Kevin
will, indeed, be granted a full pardon. You have my word on it, and through me, the regal word as well."
The bandits cheered him, cheered Naitachal, cheered Lydia and the guards, cheered with the
thorough, wholehearted enthusiasm that only men who had been given back their lives could know.
Chapter XXII The Bard Of Darkness
Kevin blinked and blinked again, struggling to gather his stunned senses back together. A spell... the
last thing he clearly remembered was someone casting a spell over him....
Bit by bit the magic-caused confusion wore off, and Kevin realized he was being half-dragged,
half-carried along by someone or ones with singularly cold, strong arms.
Wish they'd stop for a moment... let me get my mind working clearly again... He hadn't really lost
consciousness, had he? Kevin had a vague memory of this half-dragging, half-carrying having gone on for
some time. And he couldn't have been totally out of things, surely, not really, at any time, because
somehow he had managed to cling to his lute all the way, so fiercely his fingers ached.
All the way to where? And if this was consciousness, why was everything so chill and dank and
downright dark? There was just the dimmest glimmer of light and—
Oh gods. Of course it was dark. With a sudden rush
of panic, Kevin knew exactly where he was. He'd been captured by Dark Elves and was being
dragged down by them to their sunless home. Helpless against their strength, Kevin did the only thing he
could. Fighting an inner battle with his growing terror, he stayed limp, flatly refusing to let his captors
know his fear.
And I'd bet anyone they just happen to be members ofNaitachal's clan. Of course they are. They
couldn't catch him, so they've settled for nabbing his human friend instead. A new thrill of horror shot
through him at the thought. Well, I—I refuse to betray him. They're not going to get Naitachal through
me, come what may.
Brave thoughts. But all the hints of dark cruelty he'd ever heard from Naitachal insisted on squirming
into his mind, telling him, You can't escape, you can't resist, you haven't a chance against so much cruelty,
so much casual evil.
No, dammit! He was not going to let his own thoughts defeat him!
Just then his captors realized that Kevin had fully regained his senses. With a rough shove, they
started him forward under his own power. They had left him unbound, and after a quick flash of puzzled
hope Kevin became only too well aware why they hadn't bothered with ropes. Even should he somehow
manage to evade this lot of warriors, there were certainly other Nithathili nearby who'd take great delight
in a game of Hunt the Human through the maze of Darkness. The Darkness that was no barrier at all to
them.
Kevin tried to speak, coughed drily, tried again, finally managing to get the words out. "Do I dare
ask where we're going?" Ah, good, his voice sounded reasonably steady.
Someone chuckled, an absolutely humorless sound, No one else even tried to reply.
Mind games, Kevin thought. They're trying to work on my nerves. But I refuse to play along.
Trying to keep himself from being a liar, he glanced about, slyly at first, then more boldly when no
one stopped him. His captors were beautiful as all elves were beautiful, and grim as all warriors were
grim. There was absolutely no emotion on their fine-boned faces, making them look like so many
