Page 79

silver-haired living statues of dark stone. No surprises there.
But the caverns of this Dark Elf clan were hardly what he'd imagined. Kevin found himself almost...
disappointed at what he saw. He had rather expected, since the Nithathili were, after all, elves, that their
realm must reflect the elven love of beauty, no matter how warped, that it would be ornamented with
depraved, utterly evil but strangely beautiful designs.
But there wasn't so much as a statue or tapestry. Everything was grimly plain, and the lack of even
the slightest trace of ornamentation was somehow worse than the most detailed scenes of torment would
have been: it made the Dark Elves even colder and more alien than he could have imagined.
Now I can believe they have no music.
Poor Naitachal, growing up amid all this... emptiness. How miserably unhappy he must have
been—and how incredibly strong of mind and will to have survived with his sanity and his love of music
intact.
He probably hadn't even known music existed till he reached the outside world. And then—how
wonderful to finally feed a hunger he wouldn't have known till then how to satisfy! Odd, how things work
out. Music was—
Music, yes, Kevin thought, suddenly warily curious. Why had die Dark Elves left him his lute? Surely
they'd
seen him work Bardic Magic on them? Surely they'd felt it hit them?
Ha, yes, he realized with a shock, but they're totally ignorant of the whole idea of music! They've
probably never heard music before, never seen it performed—how could they ever have reasoned that
any power lay in the lute itself?
Well, it didn't, of course, not really, but almost no Bard could work efficient Bardic Magic without
some musical instrument adding its resonance to the spell.
The elves wouldn't have understood that. They probably thought I just was using my lute to keep my
voice steady while I worked some weird spell casting. I bet they thought only the words were important!
And of course since no one here was going to let him get out so much as a syllable of song, they
would have taken delight in tormenting the human by leaving him his—to them—powerless toy.
Well, now, they'd made their first mistake. It was up to him to see what he could do about—
"Ah!"
It was an involuntary exclamation, because they had suddenly come out into what could only be the
clan's throne room. Again, there was no sign at all of any softening decoration, nothing but blank stone
walls and two blank stone thrones, one set slightly higher than the other.
But the figures occupying those thrones were powerful enough to catch and hold the attention at a
gknce. One, a Nithathil man in silky black robes, lounged dn the higher throne, his lean, elegant figure like
that of a predator feigning rest. The other was a woman as elegant as the man, clad in a dark gown of
starkly somber cut and sitting sternly erect on the lower throne.
With a jolt, Kevin recognized a definite family resemblance to Naitachal in the lords' proud, coldly
beautiful faces.
I never knew he was related to royalty! Though I can understand why he wouldn't want to be
associated with this royalty.
Where the severely elegant lines of Naitachal s face were tempered with warmth and humor, these
two bore not a trace of any softening emotion. They were, in all senses of the word, Kevin thought
uneasily, powerful, totally merciless, and totally cruel. And he knew in that moment that his only possible
hope for survival was to bluff his way into seeming every bit as cold and ruthless as they.
"Who are you, human?" the Dark Elf lord purred, surprisingly in the human tongue, the casual cruelty
in his voice all the more shocking for its beautiful accent
As if you don't know perfectly well who I am! Kevin retorted silently. But he bowed his most coldly
perfect Bardic bow and said, "My name, my lord, is Kevin; my title, count. And I must congratulate you."
A silvery brow raised in what might have been surprise or mockery. "Indeed. And what might you
mean by that?"
"Why, I congratulate you for seeing what worth I may be to you—and what worth you, my lord,
