Page 80

may be to me."
"So-o," the woman murmured, "the mouse dares challenge the owl."
"Your pardon, my lady," Kevin said smoothly, "but I am no mouse. If I have from time to time
played the humble role in my life it was... for a reason."
The thinnest of cold smiles formed on the lords lips. With a quick glance at his consort, he told
Kevin, "Very well, human, I shall play this little guessing game of
yours. But only as long as it pleases me. Once you cease to be amusing..." The sudden cruel glint in
his eyes made the rest of that sentence unnecessary.
Oh gods. "So be it," Kevin said with a casual wave of his hand. Blessing Naitachal for having told
him at least a little of Dark Elf customs, he added, "But first, may I not know your regal use-names?
Constantly calling you merely 'my lord' is insulting to you. I would not do anything to lessen your honor."
If that wording—elven in form though human in language—surprised the lord, he showed no sign.
"Daring little mouse, my use-name is Haralachan, as my consort's use-name is Rualath. Seek to learn
more of us and that shall be the end of you."
Kevin refused to let himself flinch. "Clear enough."
"Fortunate," the elf drawled. "Why are you so eager to visit our realm? Most humans are terrified at
the very thought of Darkness."
Ohh, yes. Includingthis one. But Bards were trained to perform for all audiences. Even potentially
hostile ones. Without missing a beat, Kevin retorted, "I am not like most humans. Granted, I never
thought to find myself visiting here, as you say. B ut now that I am here... my Lord Haralachan, surely
you know the sweet, sweet taste of Power. It is a taste known to humans as well."
"Should the ways of humans interest me? Do you, perhaps, mean to lecture me?"
"No, no, I would never waste your time on such folly! I merely wished you to see that I, too, enjoy
what Power I have been able to gather so far."
"Indeed."
I'mlosinghim. Got to be colder about this. "We both know how useful others can be, what fine tools
they can make for one who is properly ambitious."
"A tool," Rualath said softly, eyes like those of a cat about to pounce, "such as Naitachal?"
Kevin hid his start with a fierce, "Bah! He was the finest tool of all!"
"That is not how I have heard it," Haralachan murmured. "It would seem from all I have gathered,
that you and he are..." he paused, then finished thoughtfully, "friends."
"Come now, my lord!" Kevin forced as much scorn into his voice as he thought would sound
believable. "The man is a traitor to his own kind!" Forgive me, Naitachal. "If he betrayed you, he might
well betray me someday, too."
"Tsk. What a thought," the woman said in quiet mockery, and Kevin glanced her way. She was so
very lovely with that dark skin framed by that silky, silver hair. But her eyes were every bit as cold and
cruel as those of the lord, and the Bard quickly looked away.
"Human though I am," he said to both elves, "I am not foolish enough to fall into the trap of trusting
anyone as potentially perilous as a traitor."
"Indeed. Then why were you in his company?"
Kevin feigned a smile, hoping it looked properly sardonic and not merely scared. "I used him, my
Lord Haralachan, I used him and his magic to get me what I wanted." Waxing to his theme, he said
passionately, "Maybe you don't understand such things, being of high birth as you are. But I was born a
commoner, a nobody."
"How sad," Haralachan said blandly.
"How tedious," Kevin corrected. "But I had no intention of staying nothing."
Quickly, watching Haralachan warily for the first signs of boredom, the Bard summarized the
beginning of his career, rather sickening himself by how easily he
could slant everything in the story, from getting his parents to send him to a music teacher to that
teacher apprenticing him to Master Aidan, to look as though he'd used everyone he'd met, as though he'd
coldly befriended then discarded one person after another. Ugh, what a nasty bit of scum I was! he
