Page 81

thought wryly.
"And so," Rualath murmured, "you became a Bard. Was that not sufficient reward for a human?"
Kevin just barely kept from betraying himself with a lick of dry lips. I can't let them know about
Bardic Magic, he suddenly knew. 7 can't possibly take them all on, no matter what spell I sing. And so,
forcing himself to show absolutely no signs of fear, he began what he knew would be the most daring lie
of all.
"A Bard is a mere wandering musician," Kevin said with carefully feigned distaste, "one with a fine
name but no real status."
Would they accept that? Yes, they knew nothing of music, but did that mean they knew nothing of
what it meant to be a Bard as well? He waited, heart racing, for the warriors who'd captured him to
interrupt, to tell their Lord all about the Bardic Magic he was denying, the magic that had nearly
overwhelmed them.
But to his astonishment, they said nothing. Ha, of course not! he realized with a flash of relief. They
would never confess they'd been overcome by a mere human! Admitting to such weakness would almost
certainly be the end of them!
"And so," Kevin continued boldly, "I decided heroism was the only path to take. With suitable
friends to meet the risks for me, naturally."
"Naturally," Haralachan echoed smoothly. "Friends including Naitachal. You, then, were the one
who introduced him to music."
Uh-oh. "Of course," Kevin said lightly. "It was just a matter of time before he discovered it by
himself, and I needed his magic. As you see, I made good use of him."
"So you wormed your way up into the rank of count, eh?" Dark humor glinted in Haralachan's eyes.
Kevin shrugged. 'The late, unlamentedCarlottawas so convenient. With everyone else to keep her
occupied, it was very easy to turn myself into a hero."
"A pretty tale. But all the tale-spinning that ever was will not be enough to save you if you do not tell
me why a human is apparently so delighted to be here."
I'd rather be in the dankest swamp than here! "Because, my Lord Haralachan," Kevin said, leaning
forward like a racing hound eager for the start, "I have larger dreams than being a mere count. Dreams
that cannot be fulfilled without true Power backing me." He paused dramatically. "I seek a crown, my
Lord Haralachan, or rather, I seek King Ambers crown."
"Do you, now?" Haralachan smiled lazily at Kevin. "What are your little human ambitions to me?"
What, indeed? For one terrifying, seemingly endless moment, Kevin couldn't find a convincing
answer to that. Then inspiration struck. "Why, my lord, you may be supreme Lord over this realm, but
can you really tell me you are content with only one realm to rule?" The faintest spark of interest in the
cold eyes told Kevin he'd guessed right. "Yet as long as King Amber reigns in human lands, my lord,
those lands are—" Closed to you? No, no, he didn't dare imply that Haralachan's power was less than
total! "—too costly for you to possess."
"Costly?' Haralachan's smile thinned ever so slightly. "Do you think me as weak as one of your kind?
Do you
think such as I would worry about how many lives might be lost in conquest?"
"Oh, hardly!" Kevin countered hastily. "But why needlessly use up any of your resources? Were I
Lord in King Amber's place, why how much more valuable to both of us might an—shall we
say—alliance prove! Of course you would leave my lands alone. But think of all the other lands open to
joint attack!"
Haralachan chuckled coldly. "Why, what an ambitious human it is! And how far-reaching that
ambition!"
Oh gods, he's going to believe me!
I think.
"Then we have a pact, my Lord Haralachan? Your hospitality and help now in exchange for mine
later?"
The cool blue eyes narrowed ever so slightly. He doesn't believe, Kevin thought in despair.
