Page 82

But ruthless ambition was plainly something the Dark Elf lord fully understood and appreciated.
"Perhaps," Haralachan said smoothly. "Perhaps. For now, my daring, devious little mouse, I welcome
you to my realm as a... guest."
But his chill smile told Kevin very clearly that "guest" wasn't quite the right word.
Chapter XXIII Reunion
"We can't just give up," Gwenlyn said, not looking up from the rock on which she slumped.
"No, we cannot," D'Senna agreed, not looking up from where she sprawled on the ground.
"We have to do something to get out of here. Oh gods, and help Kevin. We c-can't just abandon
him."
"Agreed. But what is there to be done?" the Arachnia added bitterly. "We cannot even help
ourselves."
"I don't know what!" Gwenlyn bit her lip, struggling for control. "I'm just so scared for him."
"So am I."
"And I—I'm so very tired of this stupid, useless walking to nowhere I want to scream. Except,"
Gwenlyn added with weary honesty, "that if I started screaming now, I don't think I'd be able to stop."
"It has not been walking to nowhere," D'Senna corrected with Arachnia preciseness, "but rather,
walking from patch of forest to patch of forest. I am so very tired of trees."
"And eating berries."
"And frogs."
"Ugh, yes. I would give anything for a real meal. And a bath. Oh, yes, a long, hot, wonderful bath..."
Gwenlyn sighed wearily. 'This is ridiculous. We're both healthy, reasonably intelligent... ah... beings.
Between us, we should be able to figure out a way to escape this gods-cursed endless magical loop and
rescue Kevin."
D'Senna lowered her head in the Arachnia gesture of helpless shame. "I know. I, for one, should
have done better. My people are so famed for their sense of logic, yet I... I..."
Gwenlyn looked up at the sudden thoughtful change in the Arachnias voice. "What is it?"
"I think I may have just found us a clue." D'Senna slowly unfolded to her full height. "Possibly a very
useful clue. Gwenlyn, have you not noticed something odd about the spell upon this forest?"
"That it never quite goes away?"
"Yes, of course, that. But lately the jumps have not been truly random."
"Yes..." Gwenlyn said slowly. 'There really has been a sort of pattern to them lately, hasn't there?
Almost as though the spell is falling apart in..." She stared at D'Senna in sudden hope. "In a definite spiral!
Oh, D'Senna—"
"A moment, please. If we are to make use of this clue I must see if I can calculate the precise
measurements of that spiral."
"Uh, sure."
There was a pause while D'Senna stared blankly into space. All at once she exclaimed, "Ha!" so
sharply Gwenlyn started. Triumphantly the Arachnia added, "I have worked out the mathematics of the
spiral."
"Just like that?" Gwenlyn said in disbelief. "So quickly? Without writing anything down?"
D'Senna blinked. "I do not understand why you wonder. It was but a simple matter of calculating the
width and breadth of the spiral, the speed of dissipation, and the angle of enlargement. Simple," the
Arachnia repeated. "I should have thought to calculate it out long ago."
"Uh, right. But what does all that actually mean?"
