Page 83

"First, we have already decided that the forest is finite and that the spell is confined to the forest
precincts. That is a given."
"Goon."
"So then, since the spell is dissipating in a spiral, my calculations tell me that, regardless of which
way we are thrown by the fragments of that spell, we must keep turning sharply to one direction. To the
right," she added cautiously, "I think."
"And if we do?"
"If we do, sooner or later, given the spiral and the finite nature of the forest, we must come out in
some spot one of us recognizes."
"Its certainly better than aimlessly wandering." Gwenlyn got to her feet, stretching tired muscles.
"Come on, my mathematical genius, let's try it."
"I am not a genius," D'Senna protested in confusion. "My one-generation-older nestmate, D'Lerak,
can calculate in four dimensions at once."
"How nice for D'Lerak," Gwenlyn said drily. "But D'Lerak isn't here, and you, most modest
D'Senna, are. Forward!"
D'Senna chittered in what Gwenlyn was sure was embarrassment. "Forward!" the Arachnia agreed.
"I'm not getting a thing," Tich'ki spat in disgust, settling with weary force onto Naitachal's shoulder.
"What about you?"
The Dark Elf glanced over his shoulder at the wary, hopeful humans. Count Trahern in particular
was watching him with such a fierce, desperate stare he could almost feel it burn his skin. Naitachal
sighed and turned away.
"I haven't sensed the slightest trace of either Kevin or Gwenlyn," he admitted in the elven tongue.
"I... am beginning to fear very strongly that we're not going to locate Kevin at all. Oh, I suspect he's still
alive," he added at Tich'ki's alarmed start, "but... quite out of reach of our magics."
She gave him a sharp glance. "You really do think the Nithathili have him."
"I—yes."
He jumped as Tich'ki pinched his shoulder sharply. "Stop that!" she snapped "Even if they've got
him, don't you dare start panicking! We'll get him out of trouble. Always have before."
"My clan wasn't involved before."
"So what? They couldn't catch you. They couldn't do anything about your becoming a Bard and
leading your own life. They're not perfect. We'll get him back."
"I pray you're right."
Tich'ki pinched him again, so hard he swatted her off his shoulder without thinking. Taking to the air
in an angry buzz of wings, she snapped, "Of course I'm right, you stupid elven doubter! Now, as to
finding Kevin s sweetheart—"
Naitachal couldn't help but chuckle at that. "'Sweetheart' is hardly the word I would have used to
describe her. You never saw the two of them together."
"Sparks, huh?"
"Whole eruptions. But that's not the point. I think the main reason we haven't been able to find
Gwenlyn
is that neither one of us is really acquainted with her aura."
"How could we be? I haven't even seen her. But what can we do about it? We can hardly include a
human in our spells."
"Can't we?"
Tich'ki dropped a hands breadth in shock before she resumed fluttering. "Add a human to an
elf-fairy spell? The damn thing's unstable enough as it is!"
"I've noticed. All the more reason to strengthen it."
"You're crazy."
"Just desperate."
"But—but it's never been done before!"
"There is, as the human saying goes, a first time for everything."
