Page 84

"Sure, right, whatever, but this isn't the time for experimenting!"
"Someone," Naitachal said darkly, "should have told that to Rualath." Switching smoothly to the
human tongue, he called, "Count Trahern, would you please come here? I will do nothing to harm you,
my word on it." Placing his hand on the man's right shoulder, feeling Trahern's muscles tense though the
count stood obediently still, he added, "Tich'ki, if you would kindly land on his left shoulder?"
"Idiot," she muttered in the fairy tongue.
"I speak Fairy," the elf reminded her.
"I know."
"Just do it."
With a great sigh of reluctance, Tich'ki obeyed. Placing one hand on the bewildered human's
forehead, Naitachal glared at the fairy till she copied him. He took her free hand in his, the small fingers
utterly dwarfed in his, to form a closed circle.
"Now, Count Trahern, I wish you to close your eyes
and think of Gwenlyn. That's right. Close your eyes... think of Gwenlyn... think only of Gwenlyn...
there is only Gwenlyn..."
Once he was sure the human was entranced sufficiently to think of no one else, Naitachal, echoed
by Tich'ki, began to murmur the words of the strongest Spell of Finding they both knew, repeating it over
and over again. It would work, it must work—it would work!
There was never going to be an end to this, Gwenlyn thought, too tired for rancor. She and D'Senna
were just going to keep trudging on and on forever. They had been turning right and right again through
each eddy of the spell for what seemed an eternity, and the only bit of hope she could find about the
whole weary business was that with each turning she could swear she sensed something starting to
unravel.
Unless it's just my mind that's going, she thought dourly. I just hope we don't land on that waterfall
again.
All at once the young woman froze, too stunned with sudden shock to move.
"Gwenlyn?" D'Senna asked sharply. "What is it?"
Gwenlyn hastily waved the Arachnia to silence, listening to—to what? Oh dear gods, what was
happening? Maybe her mind was beginning to fail, because all at once she could feel someone pulling at
her mind, calling her. Hear my voice where you are. Come to me. Come to me, Gwenlyn.
"Father?" she said doubtfully. It almost seemed like... no. Whatever it was, it wasn't his voice, it
wasn't a physical call at all, just a—a feeling, a pulling, tickling at the edge of her thoughts. Hear my
voice. Come to me, this way, Gwenlyn, Gwenlyn, come to me this way, this way...
"Gwenlyn!" D'Senna exclaimed in alarm. "What's wrong? Where are you going?"
"I d-don't know."
Hear my voice, Gwenlyn, come to me....
"But you can't just—"
"I don't know what's happening!" Gwenlyn cut in frantically. "But I have to go this way."
"No!" D'Senna snatched at her and missed. "Gwenlyn, stop! That path is off the proper equations of
the spiral!"
Come to me, Gwenlyn, this way....
"I can't help it, D'Senna! I don't have a choice! It doesn't matter what your equations say, I have to
go this way!"
Come to me, Gwenlyn, this way, Naitachal repeated yet again, his Power linked with that of Tich'ki,
his thoughts linked with those of Count Trahern. Come to me...
Ae, this was no easy thing! By now his head was beginning to feel as though it would explode.
Tich'ki was right; combining magic with a magickless human was foolish, impossible. It could never work,
he would have to give up, he would never, ever be able to—
"I feel her!" he gasped suddenly. "Yes, yes, we have her!"
And with a sudden whirring of air, a wild-eyed, bedraggled young woman, dark hair a tangled cloud
about her, a slender, equally young Arachnia beside her, staggered out of sudden shimmering air into
