Page 85

solid reality. She took one look at Naitachal and screamed in fury, hunting frantically about for a weapon.
But Naitachal and Count Trahern said as one:
"Gwenlyn!"
She froze, staring from the Dark Elf to the count.
"Father... ?" the young woman said hesitantly, and then, more forcefully, "Father!" and threw herself
into his fierce embrace.
For a time daughter and father could do nothing but cling to each other and gasp out broken, joyous
little phrases of love. But at last Gwenlyn pulled away, brushing back her mass of tangled hair with a hand
that wasn't quite steady. "I crave your pardon," she said to Naitachal. "At first I mistook you for an
enemy. But obviously you can't be such, not if you're with my father."
"I am no enemy," the elf assured her gently. "My name is Naitachal, and I—"
"Naitachal!" she cut in. "You're Kevin's friend!"
He blinked in surprise. "Yes, I am. But the only way you could have known that is if Kevin told you.
I take it you didn't learn about me from him in your father's castle."
"Ah, no." She flushed slightly. "He probably told you how disastrous our first meeting was. But
Kevin and I met again in the forest, when we were both caught in this weird, weird spell, and we... had a
better chance to learn a little about each other."
Naitachal smiled at the sudden softness in her eyes. "And it was a more agreeable learning, I take it.
But where is he now?"
The softness fled. "Oh gods, I wish I knew! We were set upon by Dark Elves—y-your pardon,
but—"
'They aren't exactly my dearest friends," he assured her drily. "Go on. What happened?"
Gwenlyn shuddered suddenly, hugging her arms about herself. "W-we fought the Dark Elves as best
we could. The first time, we—we managed to escape them. The second time they attacked, a different,
colder group this time, we... weren't so lucky."
Gwenlyn bit her lip, then continued, in a voice that was almost even, "Kevin played what I guess was
some form of Bardic Magic, the most soothing music I've ever heard. It began to put the elven warriors
to sleep, and for a moment I thought we were going to escape again. But then..."
The young woman broke off, shaking her head in confusion. "I could have sworn the woman was a
White Elf. But that's not possible, is it? I mean, a White Elf would never ally herself with Dark Elves...
would she?"
Naitachal shrugged impatiently. "Anything, as you humans would put it, is possible. Go on. I take it
she broke his spell?"
Gwenlyn nodded. "I was nearly asleep from the music. But she didn't even seem to hear it! She
yelled at the Dark Elves to wake them up and pulled Kevin's hand from his lute."
"So, now. It would seem that Master Aidan is right; musical magic really doesn't work on the
tone-deaf." Even—bizarre thought—on a tone-deaf White Elf. "Never mind. What happened to Kevin?"
"I don't know! In all the struggling, D'Senna—that's my Arachnia friend here—D'Senna and I had to
run for our lives." She added with a fiercely repressed sob, 'The last I saw of Kevin, the elves were
bearing him to the ground. I think they carried him off to—to whatever Darkness they call home."
"As I feared," Naitachal murmured in despair.
"All right," Tich'ki cut in sharply, "enough of this. Yes, yes, girl, Arachnia, you're not seeing a mirage.
I'm a fairy, my name's Tich'ki, I'm an ally. Got all that? Good. Now all we have to do is get Kevin out."
"From a Nithathil fortress?' Naitachal asked. 'That is not going to be an easy thing to do."
"We can't not do it!" Lydia snapped.
"No," the elf agreed with a nod in her direction, "we are most certainly not going to leave Kevin
there."
"We can't!" Gwenlyn added with such force that her father looked at her in surprise.
"So!" he murmured. "Have things changed that much?'
She glared at him. 'What do you want me to say? That I was wrong and you were right? All right, I
admit it! Look, we can argue about this some other time. Right now we have got to rescue Kevin—and
