Page 86

whether or not you help, I will!"
"Of course I'll help," the count said firmly. 'The only question is: how?" He glanced dubiously at his
guards and the nervous cluster of bandits, then shook his head. "I rather doubt we have enough men here
for a frontal attack."
"No!" Naitachal exclaimed. "Anything as bold as a frontal attack is only going to get every one of
you humans slain."
"What about magic?" Tich'ki asked.
"No, again. Haralachan and Rualath, my clans Lord and his consort, will surely sense anyone's
attempt to work magic against them."
But Naitachal's mind wasn't really on his words any longer. No, his mention of Rualath made him
think of that chaotic Gate Spell. She must have used an extraordinary amount of magical force to cast it.
So much force in such experimental form... interesting, very interesting... there was something about it,
something potentially useful, something lingering just at the edge of his mind...
"Yes," he said in sudden satisfaction, "I have it," and saw the others stare. "Don't worry. I haven't
suddenly gone mad. It's just that all at once I'm finding
something very intriguing about this Gate Spell, this magic that's scattered about so strangely."
"Intriguing, he calls it," Count Trahern said.
Naitachal ignored him. "It has been fracturing into weaker and weaker pieces, as I'm sure you've
realized. But the original spell was amazingly Powerful. If I can only reach its source, I just might be able
to gather the spell back together."
"Why in hell would you want to do that?" Lydia asked bluntly.
Naitachal gave her a grim little smile. "Because, my dear woman, if I can master the Gate Spell, I
might be able to reverse it. That would save Kevin and—"
"Are you insane?" Tich'ki shrilled. "The only way you can do that is by coming face-to-face with the
crazy Nithathil who cast it!"
Naitachal shrugged with feigned calm. "Believe me, I am not thrilled by the idea of facing down
Rualath, either. But then, no plan is perfect."
"You are insane!"
"Possibly," he said. "But while I confront Rualath, she who cast the spell," he said to the others, "I
will be providing the lot of you with a distraction. That will be your chance to get Kevin—and
yourselves—in and safely out again."
"Yeah, sure," Lydia snapped. "I'm sure there's a nice, safe back exit just waiting for us to use it."
"Something like that," Naitachal murmured.
"Uh-huh. And what about you?"
"Trite as it sounds, I can take care of myself."
"Right," she said flatly. "Of course."
Naitachal turned to her in sudden fury. "What else would you have me do? Give up? Run away and
leave Kevin to the fate they mean for me?"
"I didn't mean—"
"Have you a better plan? No? Do any of you have a plan? Well? Do you?'
There was a long, awkward silence. "So," the elf added, more softly, "you see. There is no other
way." Forcing his face into a cold mask, Naitachal said flatly, "Enough of this. If we are to save Kevin,
we dare waste no more time."
Chapter XXIV The Guest
