Page 87

Kevin, fiercely pretending to be as casual as the Dark Elves around him, prayed that none of them
were magically skilled enough to pick up any trace of his suppressed terror. If Haralachan or any of them
realized just how fragile his act of ruthlessness was, they would be on him like wolves on a wounded
stag.
No, enough of that, he told himself severely. Remember that you are totally ruthless. You care for no
one. You have no love in your heart at all.
Right. Gods, if he got away with this, he would give up being a Bard and take to the stage!
Kevin stole a subtle glance at the Dark Elf who had been assigned as a guide to wherever
Haralachan meant to put him. The fellow was, judging from his plain grey clothing, of no particular status,
probably a servant (he lacked the cringing terror Kevin had seen on the faces of the out-and-out slaves),
but he had every bit of the true Nithathil arrogance.
"Follow me, human," the elf said shortly, his annoyance at having to guide a mere human very
evident in his voice. "Touch nothing. Stare at no one. Make no
eye contact. And do not try to escape me. Even though I am not granted warrior weapons, there are
those waiting who are, those who will eagerly hunt down any human foolish enough to run."
"I have no intention of running."
"Fortunate," the elf said, and said nothing more till they had reached a dark-painted door, blank and
unornamented as everything else around them. At a touch and a murmured Word said too softly for
Kevin to hear, the door opened, revealing a surprisingly spacious room within, dimly lit by lamps that
burned with cold blue light.
The elf stood aside. "Enter," he told Kevin.
But Kevin wasn't quite so ready to walk into what just might be a trap. Struggling to keep his voice
from quavering, he said as lightly as he could, "Looks a bit roomy for a prison."
That earned him an upward quirk of a silvery eyebrow. "Prison? Did you hear my Lord Haralachan
order you to be imprisoned? No. You are not a prisoner, but a... guest."
Right. And you're a pretty pink butterfly. "Indeed," Kevin said noncommittally. Since he couldn't
keep standing out here forever, he offered a quick prayer to Whomever might be listening, and stepped
inside. The Dark Elf, disconcertingly, didn't follow but remained standing stock-still just outside. Kevin
glanced back at him as the elf started to close the door, and added in sudden new panic, "Ah, wait, I
don't see a handle on the inside of this door."
"Of course there is none." The elfs voice was cold with scorn. "Do you think us mere, magickless
humans to need such things?"
"Hardly," Kevin said just as coldly. "Mind teaching me the door-opening spell as well?"
"It is not something humans could master."
"Try me."
"You will have no need to leave these chambers unaccompanied. The corridors of our realm are
perilous for an unwary human."
"Yes, but—"
Too late. The door had already closed. With a sigh, Kevin turned to examine his new
accommodations, heart pounding.
But there really wasn't anything openly menacing about this place, nothing that screamed trap at him.
The main room contained nothing more than a table of black stone, perfectly utilitarian and totally
unornamented, and a chair of black wood, uncushioned and also unornamented, set upon a smoothly
polished stone floor. A beautifully arched doorway—the first thing he'd seen so far in this realm that had
even the slightest trace of beauty about it—led to a second, slightly smaller room. Here Kevin found a
bed, a surprisingly luxurious thing with a thick mattress and silken coverings and hangings.
Now, if only they were of something other than this unrelieved black! Don't they like any color in this
realm?
He reached out a hand to gingerly touch the thick, smooth fabric of the hangings. Silk, he guessed.
Maybe a variety of that tough, lightweight elven spidersilk he'd seen Naitachal wear when he traveled.
Practical stuff, he thought. Wears well, doesn't stain easily. But does it all have to be so incredibly
