Page 88

plain in here? They didn't even try to add any variety to the weave!
He shuddered. These elves really did seem to lack any trace of poetry. No wonder none of them
were musicians!
Save Naitachal— no. For safety's sake, he wouldn't let himself even think of his friend.
Testing the luxurious bed, Kevin grunted in surprise at its softness. Hardly something a humble
prisoner would be allowed. Exploring on, he found a blank stone chest at the foot of the bed, presumably
for belongings, and a niche containing the Dark Elf version of sanitary facilities, workable, Kevin guessed,
by a preset spell that needed only a flash of will to operate. There was absolutely nothing else of note in
either room.
Probably the Dark Elf idea of luxury. Simplicity of design and all that. I wish there was a window,
though. Ha, whatever for? I'm probably surrounded by solid rock!
Now, wasn't that a comforting thought? At least air was filtering in from somewhere, though he
didn't see any obvious vents. At least, Kevin tried to convince himself, he wouldn't have to worry about
suffocating. Unless, of course, Haralachan decided to block off that air—
No. He would not let himself start dwelling on—on possibilities. Kevin prowled around his suite
once more to take his mind off such things as treachery, this time hunting for magical or mundane spying
devices, but found not a one.
Which, of course, didn't mean he wasn't being watched in some way he couldn't sense.
Ay me. So much for the entertainment aspects of the place. Now, what am I supposed to do with
myself?
He waited a bit, half expecting a regal summons. He waited a bit longer for anything at all to happen.
At last, for want of anything else, the Bard sat down on the hard, straight-backed chair and took his lute
from its case. For a moment he could do nothing but run a
caressing hand over the smooth wood, taking comfort in this one small bit of normalcy. Then, after
carefully tuning the strings, taking a long time about it, he began his normal daily practice of scales. Every
musician, no matter how professional, needed to keep up such a daily routine but, Kevin admitted, it was
a ritual he'd been sadly neglecting of late.
His fingers slowed, then came to a stop on the strings. Ah, gods, how could he possibly keep up this
pretense of calm? He was like a man balancing on the edge of a precipice! All it would take to bring him
and his pretty picture of ruthlessness crashing down in ruins would be one of the warriors who'd caught
him finally admitting the truth about that firsthand experience with Bardic Magic.
They ,.. won't do it. If they haven't said anything yet, they won't dare say something now. I hope.
Kevin shook his head at the stupid irony of it all. Here he was a full Bard, in full possession of
Bardic Magic—yet he dared not use any of his powers! He could probably sing that door open, he could
probably use song-spells to control the minds of a few Dark Elves—but he would never get the chance!
The slightest start of the slightest magical song would be enough to scream out the existence of his
powers to all these magic-sensitive enemies around him. The only things he dared perform right now,
surrounded by foes as he was, were lute practice and plain, unmagical music.
Particularly since even if I was allowed to finish a spell, I haven't a hope of controlling everyone.
Ah well, he thought with desperate humor, there was still acting. As long as he could keep
Haralachan thinking this odd human would make a better ally than victim or lure for Naitachal, he would
be safe. Or at least, Kevin added wryly, in a touch less peril. With
any luck at all, this... enforced visit would turn out to be something less than horrifying and more like
a long, boring stay in a not too uncomfortable prison.
Considering the alternatives, a long and boring stay might not be so bad!
Haralachan lay at ease in his silken bed, his consort beside him (at ease save, of course, for the
defensive spell he kept at the ready, even while asleep, just in case; one could, naturally, never be too
sure of one's consort), idly deciding what slave might be worthy of today's hunt. But he was suddenly
aware of Rualath s gaze on him and asked shortly, not looking at her, 'What?"
"You have the human. Kevin. The traitors friend. What are you planning to do with him?"
Now Haralachan did turn to frown coldly at her. "Whatever it pleases me to do."
