Page 89

"But—"
"The trap is set, Rualath. The bait is ready. If'friendship' is as strong a pull as our studies
indicate—and our scholars had best be telling the truth about that— the traitor will not long leave his
human in our hands. Have patience."
He heard her sigh all but soundlessly. "There are those who are not as patient as I, my lord. Those
who may, perhaps, begin asking odd questions dealing with—"
"With what?" Haralachan's hand closed with such sudden force on the elegant curve of her shoulder
that he heard her involuntary gasp of pain. "Were you about to say 'weakness'?" he asked quietly. 'There
is no weakness in me, my consort. None. Remember that."
After the smallest of hesitations, he felt her sag in submission. "Of course there is none, my lord."
Haralachan held her caught a moment more, savoring her helplessness and anger, just long enough
to emphasize his point, then released her, swinging from the bed in one smooth movement. He glanced
back at where Rualath lay propped up on one elbow, her eyes glowering. But she was not going to
attack him; he felt her irresolution beneath the anger. He turned away with a contemptuous flourish to
release the triplefold Spells of Locking on inner and outer doors with a flash of will, and snapped out a
command for servants to enter and bathe and dress him.
As the humble creatures scurried in, terrified of doing even the slightest thing to displease their
master, Haralachan added over his shoulder to Rualath, voice hard with meaning, "I have already planned
what is needful for best making use of the human. And what is planned, my consort, shall be done."
"Oh, it shall," she agreed softly, "it shall, indeed," with just enough ambiguity in her voice to make
him glance warily back at her.
But Rualath merely... smiled.
Some time later, Haralachan strode from his chambers in his elegant dark robes, the very image of
controlled, cold-eyed royalty. But his thoughts were far from controlled.
Curse you, Rualath. I must find a way to keep you from asking such... uncomfortable questions.
He was not yet ready to send her to the altar. But there were times—Oh, he had surely done a
convincing job of feigning cool cunning with her, pretending clever plotting, but the fact was that as yet he
really hadn't decided what to do with the human at all.
How could it be otherwise? A rulers life hardly allowed for idle time for thought. There had been
spies
to send forth, suspected traitors to be watched, punishments to be levied. The one thing there had
not been was enough time for a chance to puzzle out the truth about the human, even though of course it
was dangerous to leave any puzzle unsolved.
So. Kevin must be used to snare the traitor. And so the traitor would be snared. That was certain.
Naitachal was almost certainly plotting how to retrieve his friend even now.
And yet, the human had shown such charmingly intriguing cynicism and arrogance, such almost
Nithathil contempt for others. It might almost have been genuine. And if it was, he just might prove more
useful as a puppet ally than a simple lure. Finding out the truth, though, would not be an easy thing.
Torture? No. One did not torment an ally—even one as lowly as a human—and then expect to be
forgiven. Magic? Difficult. Oh, a spell strong enough to worm beneath the human s defenses would be
simple enough to work. But one delicate enough to leave his mind unharmed was another matter. If
Kevin really was as empty of human morality as he claimed, ah, what a useful tool he might make!
Almost as useful as the arrogant little creature claimed.
But how could one learn the truth without destroying that tool? And how, for that matter, could one
be sure the tool would not turn in his hand?
Haralachan stopped short, staring. And a thin smile came to his lips. So, now, this might prove
interesting. Perhaps no spell would be needed after all!
He moved forward again, softly stalking. She was facing away from him, the little fool. For all her
pretenses, she had yet not learned all the caution it was wise for such as she to learn.
"Amaranthia," Haralachan purred, and pounced
before she could turn. Oh, how satisfying her startled scream as his hands went so smoothly, so
