Page 90

gently, about her neck, how satisfying her struggle for calm.
"M-my lord," she managed to gasp out, "I didn't hear you coming."
"No," he agreed softly, tightening the pressure ever so gently for a moment, not quite cutting off her
breath, savoring her sudden terror, her realization of danger. He held her like that for a moment more,
then dropped his hands to her shoulders, turning her with gentle force to face him. "You will not long
survive here if you continue to act so incautiously. Never leave your back unguarded, little one, not even
from me."
Her eyes, as always, intrigued him. So wide, so frightened, yet so perversely delighted in her peril
they sent a little prickle of amusement through him. "I will not be so foolish again, my lord"
"I wonder. But no matter for now, my little pale one." He touched a fingertip lightly to her chin. "I
wish you to try a small experiment for me. One, I think, you may even enjoy."
Quickly he told her what he meant for her to do. Amaranthia listened, nodding, till he was finished,
then giggled softly. "It shall be a pleasure, indeed, my lord."
Chapter XXV The Visitor
How long had he been stuck here in this not quite prison? Kevin knew he'd eaten twice, slept twice
in that surprisingly comfortable bed and needed a shave once (scary that, having to trust his throat to a
Dark Elf servant with a razor; if he stayed here much longer, Kevin decided, he'd consider growing a
beard), but without a sun or any timekeeping device it wasn't easy to keep track of things.
All I know for sure, Kevin thought sardonically, is that my stay has already been long enough—-far
too long! It was too long from the moment I got here!
In all this time—however long or short it might have been—there hadn't been so much as another
glimpse of Haralachan or that equally cold-eyed consort of his. What Dark Elves Kevin had seen had all
treated him with such careful courtesy it was definitely meant as mockery. They had spoken almost
nothing to him, but had ever so politely provided him with nourishing if bland—but apparently quite
undrugged or magicked—food and allowed him the occasional chance to exercise his legs by walking
about the dark, dank corridors—always "suitably escorted," of course.
Kevin mused darkly that he should be flattered they would send so many warriors to guard him.
Even if each and every one of the humorless creatures was just waiting, or more probably out-and-out
hoping, for the human they were watching to make some foolish, fatal mistake.
Huh. It's like taking a stroll in the middle of a pack of half-starved hunting hounds.
And what about Haralachan? He'd been intrigued by Kevin's apparent fearlessness, the Bard knew
it. Elves were practically born curious; Naitachal had proved that fact over and over again. Kevin
snorted. He wouldn't even be in this mess if Naitachal hadn't been driven by elven curiosity to investigate
that cursed Gate Spell!
Then why had there been nothing from Haralachan, not the slightest message, not the faintest hint of
a summons or of any interest at all?
I can't believe he's simply forgotten all about me, the foreign element in the middle of his realm.
That's out of character for any ruler, let alone a Dark Elf one!
What, then? Was he being used, Kevin wondered uneasily, only as bait? As nothing more than a—a
lure set out to snare Naitachal?
That idea doesn't really work, either. I mean, yes, they want Naitachal. But I can't accept that
Haralachan would totally ignore that whole beautifully nasty story I wove for him. He was interested in it,
I know he was. And I don't care if he is a Dark Elf; he's still closer to the White Elves than to humans.
From everything I've learned from Naitachal, from Eliathanis, from all the elves I've ever seen and spoken
with, their kind, White or Dark, just do not
