Page 91

abandon puzzles! Their curiosity won't allow them to do that.
Or... could it be Haralachan had come to his own solution of this human puzzle after all? Had he, for
whatever dark-souled reason, decided to simply let this troublesome, not-quite-prisoner, not-quite-guest
rot?
Kevin swallowed drily. Pine away, was more like it, from lack of sunlight. How long, he wondered,
could a human go without the sun?
And am I going to live long enough to find out?
He shuddered. At least Naitachal was still free; someone surely would have stopped by to gloat
were it otherwise.
Stay away! he silently cried to his friend. In the name of all the Powers, don't worry about me, don't
even think of me—please, please, just stay away! Stay free! Stay free as I—I—I am not!
Suddenly the terror Kevin had been keeping so sternly under control for what seemed an eternity
was tearing free, totally beyond all bearing. Suddenly there was only darkness around him, the heavy
weight of stone crushing him beneath it. He would never get out of here, never breathe free air again; he
would die alone, forgotten, in this grim, terrible, sunless place, shut away forever from the green, living
world—
With a desperate gasp, Kevin snatched up his lute, practically tearing it from its case in his haste,
furiously trying to lose himself in music, thinking that maybe this was Haralachan's pkn, to torment the
human with idleness and endless waiting and ever-growing hopelessness to wear down his resistance.
And it's working, oh, it is working, curse him.
Gradually the shapeless storm of music settled into mannered shape. Gradually it beat back despair
and won Kevin at least some measure of calm. But the
terror still waited, lurking at the back of his mind. He could feel it like a weight on his spirit, waiting
for his guard to lower again, waiting to drown him in the darkness.
And if the terror won out again, Kevin decided with sudden ferocity, if it finally went beyond all
endurance, he would use Bardic Magic, no matter how hopeless the odds. He would not betray
Naitachal. He would not surrender his soul. He would use Bardic Magic, and have the final grim
satisfaction of going down fighting.
The door opened soundlessly, and Kevin shot to his feet in alarm. A slim, white-clad figure slipped
inside, and he stared in disbelief. "Amaranthia!"
She put a nervous finger to her lips, glancing hastily back to be sure the door had completely closed
behind her. "They don't know I'm here," she explained softly. "But I—I had to come."
"Oh, right. Of course," Kevin snapped. "I'll believe that. And I'm here to test out Dark Elf guest
facilities. Didn't you know? We're thinking of building a travellers' inn down here. Amaranthia, what the
hell are you doing here?"
"I told you, I had to—"
"Stop that! Stop acting the innocent! Look you, I know you're in league with the Dark Elves. I know
everything you said and did back in the forest was a lie—"
"Not all."
"Liar, I say!" For a moment his hand was raised, for a moment he almost could have struck her. But
she stared up at him as fearlessly as a deer cornered by wolves and gone quite past the point of terror,
looking so lovely, so pathetically lovely, the breath caught in his throat, and Kevin found himself helplessly
lowering
his hand again. "What I can't understand," he murmured, "is why."
"Why? Because I was a fool."
Kevin turned sharply away. "Oh please. I deal with enough words in my songs; I know when there's
no real emotion behind them."
"That's not true!"
"Nonsense."
"It's not! I—Kevin, wait!"
He tried to brush her away, but Amaranthia followed him as he paced, slipping in front of him to
