Page 92

face him before he could turn away again. With an uncomfortable little pang almost of guilt, he saw that
her eyes were suddenly very bright with unshed tears.
"Amaranthia..."
"Kevin," she murmured, "I know you have no reason at all to believe anything I say, but... I... had to
come here. I had to tell you h-how sorry I am..."
"Oh gods!" Kevin threw back his head with a great sigh, leaning back against a cool stone wall,
staring blindly up at the smooth stone ceiling. He knew that Amaranthia was allied with the Dark Elves,
he knew she was most certainly not to be trusted. He wanted to hate her. And yet... ah, and yet, there
was something so unutterably sad about her now.
Maybe I'm the fool here, not she!
But even so, even knowing what she was, knowing how she'd betrayed him, he still couldn't hate
her. He still couldn't help but ache with pity and regret for this beautiful, lost creature.
"Amaranthia," Kevin began again, then stopped, looking down at her in confusion. "I want to believe
you, Amaranthia." He had fully meant to ask her to leave. Instead, staring into her lovely eyes, Kevin
found
himself adding instead, almost pleading, "Give me some reason to do so."
Amaranthia was silent for a long time, head drooping, golden hair falling about her face in a silky
cloak. "I love you." It was the barest whisper.
"Oh—nonsense." He tried to walk away, but she stopped him, blocking his path.
"It's true." Her eyes were full of despair. "I never thought to say it, not to a human, but..." She rested
a graceful hand softly on his arm. "I do love you."
The touch seemed to burn right through his sleeve. Kevin shivered despite himself, jerking out of her
reach, and said, a little more roughly than he'd intended, "Odd words for someone who's allied herself to
her people's bitterest enemies."
She cried out in pain and turned away. Kevin reached out to catch her by the shoulder, forcing her
to face him, continuing relentlessly, "If you could betray them, you could betray me as well."
"No! I would never betray you!"
All at once she was in his arms, her beautiful, yearning face so temptingly close to his own. For one
breathless moment Kevin could think of nothing but how much he ached to kiss her, to love her, to—
"Why?" he gasped. "Amaranthia, why did you do it?"
She drew back a little in surprise. "I—I don't understand."
Maybe, oh maybe she wasn't totally lost to the Darkness. Maybe he could still rouse some shreds of
White Elf decency in her. Maybe they could both escape and be happy and—and— "Why did you turn
from sunlight and music and joy?"
"I had no choice, I—"
"This pkce is cold and dank and sterile, beyond
anything as simple as ugliness. There's nothing to see in this realm, nowhere to go in this realm.
There's nothing to do here but hate, nothing to feel here but cruelty and empty ambition." He took her
face in gentle hands. "You had a life full of light and laughter, Amaranthia, a life full of beauty and
freedom. Here, there is nothing. You have nothing!
"I ask you again: why did you do it?"
All at once something seemed to break within her. With a cry of anguish, Amaranthia tore free from
his grip, gasping out a broken string of words. "No, you mustn't... I won't... it's not true! It's not true!"
"Amaranthia—"
"How dare you remind me of—no! I don't miss it, I don't!"
"Amaranthia! Wait—"
"No!"
Before he could take more than a step after her, she was gone, and the sound of her sobs was cut
off by the relentless closing of the door behind her.
Kevin fell back against a wall with a gasp of frustration. So close, curse it, he'd been so very close!
Why had he been so—so fierce about it? Why push her like that? Why, oh why, hadn't he been more
