Page 93

gentle? Amaranthia had almost revealed what was left of the Light in her, he knew it! If only he'd been
just a little more careful, she might actually have been convinced to help him, to help them both.
Now the chance was forever lost.
Ah well, Kevin thought ruefully. 7 really did want to see if there was anything left of the true White
Elf buried within her. I guess I can safely say there is. But it looks as though it's not going to do either of
us any good at all.
Chapter XXVI Conflicts Escalate
Amaranthia stopped short in the corridor outside Kevin's chambers, choking on her sobs, struggling
for self-control. To her immense relief, no one else was around to see her. To show any such weakness
as weeping in public was perilous, so perilous. (Nothing like the way it was among the White Elves, her
mind told her, unbidden. Among the White Elves all emotion, tears or laughter, joyous, free laughter, was
seen as natural, not as a weakness—)
No! I will not think of that! I am in the Nithathil realm now, I want to be in the Nithathil realm, and
have the proper status and have power over them, true power and—and—
"So, my little pale one," purred an all-too-familiar voice without warning, and Amaranthia almost
screamed in despair.
Oh no, not now, please not now! But to her relief, her voice sounded relatively composed as she
murmured, "My Lord Haralachan."
His smile was sharp as the edge of a blade. "I can see that your encounter with the human was a...
rather
strenuous one. But was it also a successful one?"
Amaranthia swallowed drily. What can I say? How can I possibly convince him that— "Most
successful," she lied desperately, forcing a smile. "For a—a first meeting, that is."
"First?"
"Why, yes, my lord! Humans are—as of course you know," she added prudently "—a most peculiar
breed, as much interested in the hunt as in the outcome."
"They are not alone in that," the Dark EM" murmured, and Amaranthia just barely bit back a
panicky little cry. Oh, why had she reminded him of the hunt? Why, when she had seen a Nithathil hunt
and thanked whatever Power there might be that she wasn't the prey?
"Ah, well, yes, of course," Amaranthia hurried on. "But with humans one cannot hold their interest by
ceding too much to them too quickly. Kevin was... very interested in me. Very." That much, at least, was
true. "But it was I who called an end to the session."
"Did you, now?"
"Y-yes. Yes." Thinking frantically, Amaranthia continued as matter-of-factly as she could, "Humans
thrive more on anticipation than acquisition. This first encounter was to begin 'softening him up,' as that
distasteful human phrase would have it. Now Kevin will be longing for my next visit, longing for me and
for what he doesn't realize I will not grant him. Once he has been tantalized sufficiently, Kevin will say or
do anything to win me. Anything, my lord," she added with downswept lashes, "that you may wish him to
say or do, that is."
"Cunning, my little pale one, most cunning. If true."
Amaranthia struggled with herself to keep smiling,
terrified that the smile must look as false as if it were painted. "Now, why would I lie, my lord? I
could hardly have acted any more swiftly. He isn't a complete fool, human though he is. I couldn't make
things look too obvious, now, could I?"
