Page 94

Haralachan chuckled. "No. I would suppose not."
With a swirl of his black cloak, he was gone into the darkness. Amaranthia scurried off to her
chambers. But as soon as she was alone within the barren little rooms, she collapsed in despair.
Why now? Why this face? Why a human, and in this place? In all her years (admittedly brief by
elven standards), she had never felt anything even remotely resembling this strange, warm surging
of—of—
Oflove?
Nonsense, oh, nonsense, it can't be love, not with him, it can't be!
And why did this bizarre softness have to hit her now? The human wasn't even particularly
handsome, not by her people's standards, and he was—he was human!
All her life, Amaranthia thought in despair, she had sneered at the White Elves' soft, light-loving
ways and their music that had brought her nothing but discomfort. All her life, she had been looking for
someone who would understand, who could give her the perilous, wonderful, exciting existence she
craved.
This can't be the one! He simply can't!
She was not going to endanger the status she'd managed to gain in Haralachan s eyes, not now, not
for a— a human!
And yet, and yet...
Head buried in her hands, Amaranthia gave up all pretense of control and wept.
* * *
Dark Elf lord and consort sat alone in his chambers, studying a spell scroll. Or at least pretending to
study it.
"Do you believe her?" Rualath asked suddenly.
Haralachan glanced at his consort with a serenity that was most carefully schooled, then looked
down at the scroll once more. "Our little White Elf, you mean?" he asked, tracing a convoluted rune with
an elegant forefinger. "Not at all. Rather than her toying with the human as she told me, the odds are far
more likely that the human, too, refused to believe her and, for all her undeniable charms, threw her out.
They may be close to the animals, those humans, but they are not totally without intelligence."
"She has failed you. Why do you let her go unpunished?"
"Why, Rualath!" Haralachan said, glancing up again with cold delight. "One would almost think you
jealous!"
"Of that?" she asked succinctly. "Come now, my lord, you insult me. I am merely expressing my
curiosity. Why do you let the White Elf go unpunished?"
His smile thinned ever so slightly. "She amuses me," Haralachan said with rare honesty. "And such
continual entertainment is, as you know, all too rare for such as we. She amuses me with her hopes and
fears and those ridiculously desperate attempts to be truly one of us." He shrugged. "The time will come
when she ceases to amuse me. Then and only then I shall rid myself of her. Leave the matter at that, my
consort."
Rualath s raised brow said volumes. But then she, too, glanced down at the scroll as though finding it
fascinating. "Obviously the girl could hardly have been part of your plans for the human. Now, my lord,
will you not share those with me?"
Haralachan, well aware that he was being delicately baited, ached to simply snap out a refusal. But
displaying such foolish anger would leave him the loser in this little game they were playing. Instead, he
paused thoughtfully, considering. And rather to his surprise, the perfect idea came to hand.
So, now! This might actually work. At the least, Haralachan mused, it would put the burden back on
Rualath s shoulders. With the subtlest of smiles, he told her, "Yes. Of course. Listen, my consort. Listen
and perhaps this time you may be more successful in your magics."
To his delight, she actually flinched. But as Haralachan murmured his newly formed plans to her, his
pleasure at catching her off-guard slowly faded. What good was all this nonsense about the human if the
traitor, if Naitachal, did not come to save his friend? He was at the heart of this, not the human.
Bah, he must come here. All the Nithathili scholars swore that friendship ties were so incredibly
