Page 95

strong Naitachal simply could not endure leaving the human in this cage.
And yet... what if the scholars were wrong? They had never actually felt the pull of friendship, after
all. And Naitachal, no matter what new perversions he might have learned from the humans, was still of
Nithathil blood, with all the cold will for serf-preservation that implied. What if he flatly refused to risk his
life for another?
Then every one of those scholars shall die screaming their regret for failing me, Haralachan thought
fiercely.
But that would not wipe out the stain to his own honor.
There must not be another failure, Haralachan mused. Let the traitor come to us, and quickly!
Tich'ki landed heavily—for her—on Naitachal's shoulder, panting faintly. "Lot of weird magic still
out there, isn't there?" she asked, wiping her brow with a hand.
No answer. Tich'ki tried again.
"Be a lot easier if we had more horses to go around. All those men on foot are slowing us down."
No answer.
"Keeping on the right path is not easy, is it? Not even with the two of us working on it."
Still no answer. Tich'ki sighed loudly.
"That sorceress of yours certainly knows how to set a spell."
"It failed."
"Ha, he speaks! Sure, it failed, but look how long the bits of it keep hanging around!"
"Mm."
Tich'ki twisted about to stare into his face. "Hello? Anyone in there?"
He waved her away absently. "Stop that, Tich'ki."
"You're still working on it, aren't you? That's it, isn't it? You're still trying to figure out the shape and
root of that spell."
"Mm."
"Naitachal! Come on, you big fool of an elf, I'm just trying to keep you from doing something
stupid!"
"Are you?"
She grabbed hold of a lock of silvery hair with both small hands, forcing him to look at her. "I don't
want to see you die on some Dark Elf altar. Got that? You've got to give up on this—this idiocity!"
"No."
"But—"
"Hush. Let me work."
She threw up her hands in disgust. "Sure. Anything you say. I give up." As the fairy launched herself
into the air again, she yelled to the whole party, "Suicidal. Never suspected it before. The man is
downright suicidal."
A suicidal elf, Count Trahern thought. Just what this farce needed.
He glanced about at his men as he rode, and barely bit back a laugh. His men: a handful of soldiers,
a warrior woman (maybe the most competent of the lot and certainly, a hot-blooded corner of his mind
insisted, the most attractive), an Arachnia, and a filthy, raggle-taggle group of bandits, wild-eyed as so
many fearful animals, who would probably run at the first hint of danger. Now that he thought about it,
there did seem to be fewer bandits than before.
Wonderful. They've already started slipping away. And I don't doubt that more are going to follow.
No great loss, surely, except for the old saw about there being safety in numbers.
What an elegant army. Fit for a minstrel's song. If the minstrel were half-blind from drink, maybe.
At least he had Gwenlyn with him once more, after all the doubt and terror, Gwenlyn safe and
unharmed. The count glanced over at his daughter, who was riding double behind Lydia, and his sardonic
gaze softened. Ah, look at the girl, so fierce, so ragged, so very determined. He had wanted to send her
safely home, but Gwenlyn had pointed out, unfortunately quite correctly, that he could hardly spare
sufficient men to give her a large enough escort. She must be incredibly weary by now, poor thing,
particularly after all the hardships
