Page 96

she'd undergone, but the count couldn't find the slightest sign of flagging will in her. Every scrap of
Gwenlyn s energy must be focused on this one perilous mission.
Love, he thought in wonder. That's what must be driving her. It must be love, even if she hasn't
accepted it yet. I never thought I would see the day, but here we are—my fiery, stubborn, strong-willed
daughter is finally in love.
And with a man who, praise all the Powers, was the perfect suitor for her, not only one who seemed
genuinely kind and witty but one who had the ear of the king himself. Ah yes, a perfect suitor in every
degree.
Or, the count remembered with a jolt, someone who should be the perfect suitor, were there any
justice. Unfortunately, Kevin was instead a man who had been imprisoned by the cruelest, most inhuman
of foes.
Ah gods, Trahern thought with a sudden shudder, even if we do, by some most miraculous of
chances, manage to rescue him—what are we going to recover?
Gwenlyn felt her father s gaze on her yet again, and frowned slightly. She could almost prefer their
old, quarrelsome relationship to this new gentleness. Did he think she'd been turned into some fragile little
thing by her ordeal? On the contrary! With a tiny touch of pride, Gwenlyn knew the forest had toughened
her, gotten rid of the softness that came with a privileged life. Oh, not as thoroughly as the warrior
woman she sat behind; Lydia was all lithe power, strong, Gwenlyn didn't doubt, as any man when it came
to combat. She was also undeniably female and plainly enjoyed that
fact, and Gwenlyn glanced at her father again, this time with a speculative eye. There was something
in the way he and Lydia kept exchanging sly glances, something decidedly interesting....
Do they even know they're flirting? Father's been out of practice so long!
And does he think that I—that Kevin—that we—
He did, to judge from those tender looks he kept shooting her. He thought she was doing all this for
love of Kevin. Well, it wasn't love, not yet, not quite. It was— she wasn't quite sure what it was yet.
But damned if she was going to abandon him to evil before they'd even had a chance to learn the
truth!
"Lydia," Gwenlyn said suddenly, "will you teach me to fight?"
She heard the woman chuckle. "What, in just a couple of days?"
"I don't mean anything professional, I know that's not possible in a short time. But, well, there must
be some self-defensive tricks you can teach me before we... get to where we're going."
Lydia glanced back over her shoulder. "Worried about him, too, aren't you? Hey, don't ruffle your
feathers at me, kid! I've been in that sorta situation before, where you don't know if you want to marry
the guy or just pull him down into the clover with you."
Gwenlyn could feel her face reddening. "But can you—"
"Yeah, kid. Sure." Lydia's voice was sympathetic. "I'll teach you what I can. I only hope you don't
have to use it."
Naitachal kept his face rigidly impassive, the hood of his cloak pulled sternly forward. Yes, he was
concentrating almost entirely on the spell fragments,
puzzling over the feel of them, trying to tease out the psychic shape of each and solve the question of
the whole. He really didn't want to carry on a conversation with Tich'ki or anyone else, though he could
have done so had it been truly necessary. Not being a human, he didn't need to turn all his thoughts to
any one task—save outright spell casting, perhaps— to succeed at it. Even while concentrating on the
Gate fragments, there was still more than enough room in his consciousness for... other things to slip into
his mind.
Things such as fear.
He would not have admitted it to Tich'ki or Lydia or anyone else, but with each step that brought
him closer to that final, fateful confrontation, the terror grew. Worse, the old Naitachal, the true Nithathil
who still hid deep within him for all his forswearing of that bitter, former way of life, whispered to him that
none of this is needed. He is a human, nothing more, you need not risk your life for him, for any human.
He is my friend, Naitachal countered silently. I will not let him die for me.
