Page 97

But the inner whispers continued no matter how fiercely he sought to block them:
Remember how it was when you were among your clanfolk.
Remember the harshness, the lack of love or trust or laughter. Remember the punishments.
Remember the altar and the screaming of the sacrifice or the failure, remember the darkness and the
coldness and the pain echoing throughout the caverns.
There will be that pain for you if they take you, that endless pain, that endless torment, there will be
no
escape for you, there will be endless torment for a human's sake.
He is my friend, Naitachal repeated, and whatever fate may wait, I will not abandon him.
Haunted by the past, he grimly pushed on.
Chapter XXVII Alarms And Attacks
Rualath sat hunched over her sorcerous scrolls, pausing only long enough to impatiently braid her
long silver hair out of her way, then returned to studying each twisting rune, each notation she'd added,
hunting for a specific spell that would accomplish all that Haralachan had ordered.
No. That spell was far too dangerous; she cared nothing at all for the safety of the human, but
Haralachan had forbidden her to actually harm him.. Drugging the human's food or drink would have
been an easy way out, but again, Haralachan had forbidden her to do anything that might permanently
injure Kevin s mind.
This spell, then? No, again. It was so lightweight the human would never believe it. He would
probably laugh at the thing!
Ae, you wouldn't set me a simple task, would you, my lord?
But then again, Rualath admitted with a touch of pride, her abilities were also far from simple. Any
lesser sorcerous task would have been an insult.
So. Rualath bent over her scrolls again, hunting something subtle, something effective, something
terrifying yet basically harmless....
All at once she straightened with a thin smile, one finger tapping the chosen spell. Ah yes, what an
interesting thing! Just enough Power to be effective, not so much it would drive the human mad—not for
a long time, at any rate.
Bending over the scroll once more, Rualath began to chant the Words of the spell, softly at first, then
more loudly and ever more loudly still, feeling the Power gathering, chanting the Words over and over
and—
Yes! Yes! With a gasp, Rualath hurled the Power away—straight at the human, Kevin.
Kevin stirred restlessly in his sleep. He had been dreaming of wandering peacefully in the woods,
hearing the sweet chirpings of the birds, trying to turn the bits of their songs into music. But the chirpings
were subtly changing to whispers he couldn't quite understand no matter how much he strained, the sense
of them not quite perceivable yet filling him with such a feeling of growing menace that the Bard awoke
with a gasp, staring blankly up at the black silk canopy, a darker mass in the room s darkness, his heart
pounding fiercely.
A dream, he told himself. That's all it was. There's no one else in the room, no one menacing me. It
was just afoul dream.
After a time, his racing heartbeat slowed to normal. Kevin sat up, rubbing a weary hand over his
eyes. No wonder he was starting to have nightmares, trapped in this place!
Ah well, he wasn't going to be able to get back to sleep, not after that dream. Besides, he wasn't
really sleepy any longer. Since there wasn't anything like night
