Page 98

and day down here, it really didn't matter if he arbitrarily declared this to be early morning.
Yawning, Kevin got to his feet, stretching luxuriously. The dim blue magical lamps would light as
soon as he started moving around with sufficient vigor; he'd learned by now that they always did. Kevin
stretched again—
And froze in the middle of it.
What was that? There had been the softest, most furtive of sounds coming from the outer room.
Heart racing all over again, Kevin fumbled around for a weapon in the darkness, trying not to make any
noise or enough movement to trigger the lights and reveal him to the foe, but came up only with his lute.
Ah no, he wasn't ready to give away the secret of his Bardic Magic, not yet. And he could hardly use the
lute to hit someone! Carefully putting the instrument down on the bed, he warily stalked forward. The dim
lights suddenly flared into life at his movement, but there wasn't anyone to see. And yet someone was—
Behind him! Something cold and dank wrapped itself about his throat with terrifying strength,
dragging Kevin over backwards, struggling wildly to fight back, his flailing arms finding nothing but empty
air as the coldness tightened, tightened... the blood was surging in his ears, he couldn't breathe, couldn't
see, couldn't even—
It was gone. So suddenly he staggered and fell to the cold stone floor, the Something was gone and
he could breathe freely again.
For a long time, Kevin sprawled where he had fallen, too busy with drawing air back into his lungs
to worry about anything else. Surprisingly, after that near strangulation, it didn't hurt at all to breathe. He
raised a shaking hand to his throat, expecting to find bruises.
But to his bewilderment, there wasn't so much as the slightest soreness there, either. As soon as he
could manage his quivering legs, Kevin scrambled up, looking wildly about.
Nothing had been disturbed. There wasn't the slightest sign anyone but he had ever been in here.
A... dream? he wondered doubtfully. After all, some of them could seem pretty realistic. Maybe
waking and hearing the noise, and feeling that weird, impossible attack had all been part of the same
dream.
And I don't believe that for a moment.
A genuine attack? Then why break it off just when he was about to pass out? Someone's idea of a
jest? From all he'd seen so far, the Dark Elves didn't have much of a sense of humor, or at least not
something humans could recognize as a sense of humor, but for all he knew, something this sadistic might
be just their idea of a hilarious prank.
Kevin sank to the bed, pulling the lute into his arms. For a moment his hands hesitated over the
strings.
Oh, right. What was he going to do? Reveal his only weapon prematurely? Waste Bardic Magic
warding off something that wasn't there? Kevin bit his lip, wondering, then settled for playing simple,
Powerless exercises instead.
Gradually the quiet discipline of the scales calmed his nerves. Kevin bent over the lute in earnest,
playing every song he could remember that had to do with sunlight and joy and life. And just then, the
only magic in his music was the pure glory of music itself.
Kevin sat wearily on the edge of his bed, his hand rubbing eyes that felt full of sand. This was getting
ridiculous! Every time he had managed to fall asleep, his dreams had taken a dark turn, sometimes
becoming merely depressing, sometimes downright terrifying. At least there hadn't been anything as
bizarre as that maybe-dreamed attack on him by the Whatever-It-Had-Been.
There doesn't have to be anything that dramatic. If I don't get one good, unbroken stretch of sleep.
,.
The worst part of it was that he knew enough Bardic Magic songs to ensure a peaceful night's
rest—but using any of them would scream out spellcaster to anyone with psychic hearing.
Ah well, the longer he spent worrying about it, the less likely sweet sleep would become. This time
he wouldn't let himself even think of the possibility of foul dreams.
Right. It's like the story of the rnan who's not supposed to think oj the, right wing of the eagle. Just
try not thinking of something if you want it to really haunt you.
