Page 99

Kevin sighed and lay back once more, staring grimly up at nothing till at last he slipped into sleep
once more.
Kevin started awake, surrounded by blackness, feeling it pressing down on him on all sides,
smothering him, crushing him. Where was he? What was this—
"Why, what is it, human?" a sneering voice asked, and Kevin nearly cried out in shock, gasping out a
confused, "I—"
But suddenly reality came flooding back over him and Kevin knew where he was, and why. He had
been walking the endless dark corridors for what little exercise was allowed him, with his usual armed
guard in attendance, and—and for a moment he actually must have been hypnotized by the smooth,
unchanging expanse of walls on all sides into falling asleep on his feet. Not an unlikely thing to happen,
Kevin thought
bitterly, considering the lack of solid sleep he'd had lately.
"I was lost in thought," he said feebly, and did his best to ignore the contempt fairly radiating from
the guards.
That was a stupid thing, the Bard scolded himself as they walked on. They think you their inferior as
it is just because you're human. Why not finish the job and scream out, "I'm a weakling! Destroy me!"
while you're at it?
Grimly alert, Kevin stalked on, surrounded by his disdainful escort. At least there was some
variation now, a few jagged places in walls and ceiling. The Dark Elves weren't perfect after all! And the
jaggedness showed a hint of die natural world that was wonderfully comforting after all the sterile
perfection. Kevin nearly stubbed his toe on a rock, but almost welcomed the pain that at least reminded
him there was a world outside. A sudden groaning made him glance sharply up— and gasp in horror.
"Look out! The ceiling's cracking!"
He sprang back into a tangle of warriors, nearly knocking some of them over. They cursed at him,
shoving him rudely forward again.
"No! Don't you see the whole thing s about to fall on us? We've got to—"
Someone shook him, hard. "Look, fool. Look!"
"But—"
"Look! Do you see the slightest crack anywhere up there? Well, human? Do you?"
Kevin looked. The ceiling was totally smooth, smooth as the walls. There wasn't so much as a
pebble out of place.
"But I... stubbed my toe on a rock. I felt it."
"Stubbed your toe on empty air, more likely," a
warrior muttered, and added something sharp in the elven tongue that needed no translation.
I wasn't asleep that time, I know it. And I'm not so far gone that I'm hallucinating. That could only
mean someone really was working a spell on him. But dammit, I am not going to be caught again!
"Stop, you idiot!"
Suddenly hard hands were dragging him backwards, nearly pulling him off his feet. Startled, Kevin
started to struggle against their bruising grip, then froze in shock.
He was standing on the lip of a narrow stone bridge over a chasm like a bottomless black pit. If the
guards hadn't grabbed him when they had, he would have stepped right off the edge.
"Dear gods," he breathed.
The guards muttered something in their own tongue. Kevin didn't doubt they were calling him a fool
who didn't deserve to live.
And I almost proved them right, he thought with a shudder. Someone was bespelling him, all right
But why? To wear him down? See if he betrayed himself— or, more likely, Naitachal? So much for
guest status, if I ever believed that stupid fiction. But who's casting the spell? Impossible to tell that in a
whole realmful of potential spellcasters. And how do I get them to stop?
"I wish to return to my quarters now," Kevin said with as much dignity as he could muster.
Once there, he snatched up his lute, staring at it, aching to summon his full Bardic Magic powers
and—
