Page 100

And do what? Take on an entire realm of Dark Elves, one against who knew how many? Kevin felt
new shudders rack him, knowing all too well that his endurance wasn't going to last forever. Unless he
did something more than wait, and quickly, his enemies were going
to wear him down to the point where he couldn't act at all.
Easy for them to do, too. All they need to do is keep me from sleeping.
But what could he possibly do in self-defense? Bitterly, Kevin realized why Harakchan had made no
attempts to see the human "guest," and why all of Kevin's requests to meet with the Dark Elf lord had
fallen flat; Haralachan plainly had no intention of seeing him till after he'd broken.
And I can hardly go hunting Haralachan instead.
Of course not. Even if he could somehow miraculously elude the warriors watching over him, he
certainly wasn't going to be able to find Haralachan on his own, not in all that dark, perilous maze of
corridors.
There was only one way out of this mess. Kevin would have to force the issue. Danger or no, he
needed his music. And so, not giving himself a chance to think twice about it, the Bard raised his lute
again, tuning the strings as though his life depended on it—which, he thought darkly, it did—and began to
play. After a moment, once the melody was firmly estabk'shed, he added his voice to it.
And this time Bardic Magic glittered in the music. All at once, with a satisfying crash, the door flew
open, and astonished warriors filled the opening.
Kevin smiled at them. 'Take me," he sang sweetly, "to your leader."
Chapter XXVIII Bardic Songs
As they hurried him along down the dark corridors, servants hastily squeezing back out of their way,
Kevin noted with dour humor that though the Dark Elf warriors kept him closely surrounded, watching
him like so many eager predators, not one of them dared to so much as touch him.
They're afraid of me! he realized with a shock of wonder. Why yes, that's it exactly! The door
bursting open like that, so blatantly magical, startled the wits out of them, and now none of them knows
what to expect of me.
Yet now here he was singing and playing away lustily as he walked, obviously doing something
magical—but they couldn't figure out what it was!
Without warning, one of the warriors, bolder or more foolhardy than the others, made a sudden
snatch for the lute, and Kevin dodged just in time, hastily improvising a new song, putting as much raw
Bardic magic into it as he could force so that the elves would sense something magical happening:
"The lute of a Bard is sharp as bone,
Hard as stone,
Mine alone.
The lute of a Bard is fierce as flame,
Barbed as shame..."
Came, lame, tame... what rhyme makes sense and—ah.
"Dangerous fame,
Not yours to tame."
Bad line, that. But he couldn't do anything about changing it now. Besides, this wasn't a poetry
contest! Kevin sang hastily on:
"All folks save Bards who touch a string,
Shall feel the sting
Its song can bring.
