Page 101

All folk save Bards shall moan and sigh
Yet never die
Although they cry
For ending of their fearful pain,
Again, again,
A harsh refrain."
Could be better. Has to do. Now how do I end the thing? A/i... yes, I've got it.
"The Bard alone may wield its song,
Its Power song,
So fierce and strong.
The Bard alone may wield its song,
Its Power song,
So fierce and harsh and sharp and strong."
Terrible poetry, just terrible! he added in silent disgust
But the Dark Elves weren't in any mood for literary criticism. The warrior who had reached for the
lute snatched his hand back again as though he'd been
stung, and Kevin could have sworn he saw some of those humorless dark faces actually grey a little
in shock.
So, now. Respect me a little more, do you? If only your master feels the same way!
Without saying a word, the warriors hurried the Bard on to the cavern of the thrones. There sat
Haralachan and Rualath, not the coolly elegant figures he'd first seen, but looking strangely ruffled, as
though they'd only just received word of what was happening and had needed to rush to get here and in
place before him.
That didn't make them any less perilous. Kevin felt his heart falter a moment at the cold wariness in
their eyes and the hint of rising Power he sensed growing about them. But Bardic training wouldn't allow
a Bard to panic in front of an audience, and even hostile ones.
All right, let's give them a decent performance.
With that, Kevin managed to smoothly switch melody and words over to a stronger, more
legitimately magical song. It didn't really have a name as far as he knew, though he'd heard his old Bardic
instructor, Master Aidan, casually refer to it once as a "Safety Song," one that was meant to keep a
Bard's enemies confused, unable to attack him. But it had been intended for near-mindless creatures.
Whether or not it would work on intelligent, magical foes as well...
Ha, yes, it was working, at least in part! Look at that helpless fury suddenly blazing in Haralachan's
eyes!
"Take that—that thing away from him!" the Dark Elf lord ordered a servant, clearly struggling to get
the words out.
Oh, I don't think so, Kevin thought, and switched back to his first threat-song, adding this time
(since he'd had a chance to work on it in his head a bit)
some downright vicious verses graphically detailing the endless agonies waiting for any Dark Elf
foolish enough to so much as brush the lute's strings, improvising as he went along everything from slow
corruption to instant incineration.
If they realize this song isn't fully magical, I'm in trouble....
It couldn't be fully magical, not thrown together on the spot the way it was. But to Kevin s relief, his
threats were just bizarre enough. No one dared not believe them. As he continued to detail the horrors in
as calm a voice as he could sing—very well aware he was making those horrors seem all the more
plausible for the very lack of drama in his delivery—all the servants shrank back in outright terror, the
warriors tightened their hands nervously on their weapons, and even cold-eyed Haralachan drew back a
bit on his black throne.
Serves them right for not knowing anything about music; they have no way of knowing I'm bluffing!
Yes, but he couldn't keep this up forever! Kevin switched hastily back to the foe-lulling song, the
genuinely magical Safety Song, before anyone could sense he hadn't actually been spellcasting.
