Page 102

But just then a white-clad figure moved slightly out of the shadow of that throne, and Kevin s hands
nearly fumbled on the strings.
Oh gods. Amaranthia.
She alone knew about music, White Elf that she was. She alone would know there was nothing
perilous about his lute. And she would also know just how easy it was to stop a musician, no matter how
magical he might be: grab his arm the way she'd already done once, snap the strings—oh, the possibilities
were endless.
I'm doomed, Kevin thought with calm certainty, and waited, almost resigned but still singing and
playing
with all his might, for her to betray him one way or another.
But Amaranthia—said nothing. The Bard stared at her in confusion as he pkyed. Why? Why was
she keeping silent? She had no reason to feel anything but anger or maybe even hatred towards him after
the way he'd acted. Why was she protecting him?
Love?
No way to find out the truth, though, not right now. He didn't dare stop playing for an instant.
Amaranthia met Kevin's glance only for a second, her eyes totally unreadable, then dropped her gaze and
slipped back into shadow. Maybe she was only tormenting him, he thought wildly, by postponing the
inevitable. Maybe that was it, maybe she meant to watch him to keep holding off everyone until he
dropped dead from exhaustion.
And maybe she'd get to see just that. Gradually the triumph of holding them all at bay was wearing
thin. He was only mortal, after all, and surrounded by foes, and already weary. Oh yes, thanks to
Amaranthias silence, Kevin thought in growing despair, he was safe—but that safety was going to last
only as long as his voice and fingers held out.
And that wasn't going to be too long at all.
Naitachal stopped dead, staring fiercely at the rugged country ahead, feeling the Power radiating
from the rough, mountainous terrain so strongly he was amazed the humans couldn't sense it,
too—feeling, as well, his heart pounding with such sudden terror he nearly staggered. "There."
"There?" Lydia echoed. "What do you mean, 'there' ?"
"That is what we seek."
"That's it? Your clan's hiding out somewhere in those rocks?"
"Under them, rather."
Lydia slid from her horse, shaking her head in disbelief, protesting, "But it all looks so—so normal!"
He glared at her. "What did you expect?"
"Well... I don't know! Something more—"
"More what?" Naitachal snapped, too on edge for patience. "More dramatic? A towering fortress of
blackest stone, perhaps? Or some other such melodramatic garbage? Ae, and wouldn't that be a
ridiculously easy target for all Nithathili foes!"
"But—" Lydia stopped short. "Uh, yeah, right. I guess so."
"And too," Naitachal continued, still staring at the rough landscape before him, "we—ah, they—are
hardly a race to enjoy living amid sunlight." He glanced at Lydia with a quick, sardonic smile. "Besides,
what lies under those rocks is only partly within this realm you humans know. Believe me, there is nothing
even remotely 'normal' about the caverns of the Nightblood Clan."
Her eyes widened at his chill tone. "You realize what you're saying? The place isn't even really in our
world? And you're going in there? And alone?"
Naitachal sighed soundlessly. "I thought we've already established that. Yes. I am. Alone."
"But you—we—you can't—"
"I can. I will."
"No, dammit! You can't just—you—"
"Lydia."
"Ah, hell!" she exploded helplessly, eyes suspiciously bright. "Go ahead, you idiot, kill yourself if you
want to!"
