Page 103

"I have no intention of killing myself." No need, he
added dourly to himself. The odds are rather good that Haralachan or Rualath will do it for me.
"Glad to hear that," Tich'ki cut in sharply. "But how're you going to prevent it?"
"Why, I'm expecting that you will—"
"Will what? What about the rest of us? How are we supposed to get in there? Maybe I could hide in
your cloak or something—"
"No."
"—but the others sure couldn't!"
"The fairy has a point," Gwenlyn added. "How do we get in?"
'"We!"' her father echoed in dismay. "Surely not—"
"Surely yes. Father, what else were you planning to do with me? Leave me out here with an armed
guard?"
"Of course! A battle is hardly the place for—"
"You're not going to say, Tor a girl,' are you? I've already been through enough fighting and escapes
to qualify as a warrior—yes, yes, not a fully trained one, far from it, but—well—"
"If you leave her out here," Lydia cut in quietly, "you'll have to divide your fighting force. It also puts
her in the very real peril of being taken hostage by the elves."
Count Trahern glared at Lydia as though she'd betrayed him. But then his shoulders sagged. "Danger
if I allow it, danger if I don't. The gods protect you, Gwenlyn, for I fear I cannot."
"Oh Father," Gwenlyn murmured, "all will be well, you'll see." But then her voice sharpened. "Back
to the real problem: How do we get in there? We can't just walk boldly in the front door behind
Naitachal."
"Hardly," the Dark Elf agreed angrily. It was the one flaw in his plan he'd not yet been able to fix.
How
are they to get inside? And without setting off any magical traps?
"I might be able to help," D'Senna offered suddenly. As Naitachal turned to her in surprise, she
continued, a touch of embarrassment in her voice at the need to praise herself, "I am considered a—a
decent tunneller among my people."
"Are you, now?" Naitachal grinned sharply, all at once feeling the faintest stirring of hope.
"Well, I cannot dig through solid stone, of course. But—"
"But you can handle earth, I take it? And rather swiftly if need be?"
"Yes, but—"
"What a clever young Arachnia you are! Hurry, follow me, around behind these rocks. Now, do
you see there, and there?"
D'Senna froze, studying the region with her great compound eyes, sniffing the air, for all Naitachal
knew actually tasting the emanations of the earth on the breeze and feefing with some Arachnia sense the
depth and breadth of the hidden caverns.
"There is earth between the rocks here," she mused after a moment, her voice abstracted. "More
earth than, rock in places. And do not look at me in such shock. Only an Arachnia would be aware of it."
He was shocked at the idea of his clan's security being so easily broken. Arrogance does lead to
carelessness. "But can you do it?"
"Tunnel into the caverns within? I think so...."
"Don't think! Kevin's life—and my own!—depend on you. Can you do it?"
D'Senna hesitated a maddeningly long time. But then she dipped her head in a solemn Arachnia nod.
"Yes. I could tunnel into the caverns, and fairly
swiftly—as long as those within were distracted."
"As they shall be," Naitachal promised her with a savage grin. "Come, let me touch your mind... the
smallest of spells, D'Senna, just to give you the sense of where, exactly, to tunnel... There, now. Do you
have it? Yes? They've made a mistake, my dear kinsfolk, been too confident in their Power to guard their
backs. So be it!"
Hastily he returned to the others, hastily told them his plan, refusing this time to listen to so much as a
