Page 104

word of argument.
And then, though he ached with every terrified nerve to simply turn and flee, Naitachal, once of the
Nightblood Clan, now a Bard of the Light, strode with all outward bravado into the jaws of the foe.
Chapter XXIX The Intruder
As Naitachal stalked with apparent boldness through the cavern mouth into his once-clan s
stronghold, his black cloak swirling dramatically about him, he held his terror firmly repressed behind a
rigid mask of deadly calm—the face of a true Nithathil noble and Necromancer, one who never reveals
anything of his emotions and is perilous to cross.
It was a mask he found distressingly easy to reas-sume.
Naitachal passed warriors, servants, slaves as he walked, and knew from their reactions that they
recognized him. But not an elf of them moved to stop him. Instead, they all, regardless of rank or status,
stared with the same open-mouthed disbelief.
He knew exactly what they were thinking: who would be stupid enough to be so bold? Of course
the idea of self-sacrifice for another was totally alien to them.
In a way what I'm doing is for personal gain, Naitachal thought with a flash of dark humor. It will be
immensely personally satisfying if I can get Kevin and myself out of here whole in body and soul!
Ahh, the Gate Spell... he could feel its aura all around him, stronger now that he was closer to its
source, and if he turned a part of his consciousness to it, he should be able to continue unravelling the
puzzle of its creation....
If he lived that long. As he walked on, determinedly projecting that aura of absolute calm and quiet
danger, the astonished crowds closed in behind him, following him, and Naitachal battled the suddenly
roused Nithathil instinct that was screaming to him not to let anyone come up behind him.
But it was far, far more effective to ignore the followers as best he could, announcing without words,
I am so far above you I scorn you. You cannot be a threat to me. After all, the Bard tried to convince
himself, he wasn't in any mortal peril from them, not yet. At least not till they'd learned what he meant to
do.
And at any rate, he really didn't need threats; his own mind was doing its best to jeopardize him.
With every step further into the caverns, more and more old memories roused, no matter how Naitachal
tried to quell them. He had, after all, spent little more than five years outside, safe amid the Light, such a
tiny, tiny span. How could he so easily forget all the long, hopeless years that had been his life before
that?
There had been only Darkness about him back then, only the hatred and cruelty and cold mistrust
that was the Dark Elf s heritage. He had fought and fought with himself down through the long, bitter
years to prove himself truly Nithathil. And yes, if he was truthful with himself, he had to admit there had
been a dark satisfaction in controlling the only sorcery he'd been permitted, the magic of death. Yet even
at his most powerful as full Necromancer, he had never quite succeeded in hardening his spirit.
Naitachal s mouth tightened ever so slightly in pain, the only trace of emotion he dared let himself
display, Ae, he had spent so much time in these grim corridors, alone, always alone amid the cold, silent
darkness, desperately trying to hide his so shameful misery, burdened by the knowledge that he lived a
lie, hating the Darkness yet knowing no way to flee it.
But now he was seeing the realm for the first time with an outsider s eye, and realized with a sudden
shock that what had seemed so coldly terrible when he'd been young was now simply dark and dank
and... empty.
One of the more delightful aspects of the humans was their joy in ornamenting every artifact that
