Page 105

came into their reach. Maybe some of the results were gaudy, but they all radiated a vitality lacking here,
a clear, pure love of life. And best of all the wonders they took for granted was music, glorious music,
and the unmeasurable joy of its creation! Naitachal glanced around the dark, joyless, musicless realm
about him and fought down a shudder, realizing only now just how far he had come in the last few years
from what he'd been.
Keep walking. Just keep walking. No one must learn of your uncertainty.
But his confident steps faltered just for a moment as a series of sounds, muted by distance but still
star-tlingly recognizable, drifted up the corridor towards him. Music? Here?
Kevin! It could be no other.
Naitachal strode forward again with new determination, his curious, bewildered audience following.
But still no one tried to stop him from striding right into the cavernous throne room, crowded with
warriors and scholars and obsequious servants.
There in the midst of them all stood Kevin, singing in a voice that sounded strained and weary yet
still
held a shimmering of Bardic Magic. Naitachal recognized the song he sang as one of the "Safety
Songs," and smiled inwardly at the human Bard's sheer nerve in trying to ward off an entire Dark Elf clan.
And he was doing it, at least for the moment.
Someone stirred, catching Naitachal's attention. He looked, and froze, finding himself staring right at
Haralachan and Rualath on their black thrones. They haven't changed, not in the slightest, he thought
uneasily, remembering despite himself the hunts they had led, the hopeless victims' screaming and the
blood, and himself, the ruler's kinsman, forced to be in attendance lest he, too, despite his status, wind up
the hunted. He had fiercely struggled to hide his disgust no matter how cruel the hunt, even when
Haralachan, smiling coldly, had compelled him to make the kill. The captive's frantic eyes, pleading with
me for mercy I dared not give lest I, too, be slain—
No, curse it! He would not fall prey to his own memories!
Held by the music's spell, neither Haralachan nor Rualath had noticed him yet, perched there on their
thrones like a pair of sardonic predators just waiting for their human quarry to make a slip.
And, judging from the weariness in Kevin's voice, that slip was going to happen at any moment.
So, now, here we go. Showtime. "Enough," Naitachal said coldly, his voice cutting across the music,
and stepped forward.
The stunned Kevin's fingers fumbled on the strings, breaking the spell. Chaos erupted at the sight of
the interloper, the brazen traitor. At a quick gesture from Haralachan, magical barriers slammed shut,
blocking every corridor into the audience chamber. Within the now-confined space, the Nithathili swirled
like a
disturbed swarm of ants, servants and scholars milling about, getting in each other's way, blocking
the warriors from drawing their weapons. Naitachal saw Kevin's lute torn from his arms by a daring
soldier, and quickly held up a commanding hand. To his relief, everyone fell silent, all of them watching
the Dark Elf, fiercely curious.
Ignoring Kevin completely (save for noting that the young man looked unharmed and, despite his
alarm, very, very relieved to be able to stop playing), Naitachal glided silently forward. Stopping before
the throne at precisely the proper distance to show respect, neither too rudely close nor too cowardly
distant, he paused dramatically, keeping his face absolutely still, then gave the Triple Bow of Noble
Courtesy, thankful he could remember all the intricate twists and bends to it.
There was utter silence for perhaps a dozen heartbeats' time. Then Haralachan hissed, 'Tou dare
come here!"
Naitachal raised a cool eyebrow. "Why, of course, my lord. Why should I not?"
"Why, you—traitor! You—"
'Traitor for a reason," Naitachal cut in smoothly, and saw the faintest hint of curiosity flicker behind
the outrage. "I pray you, my lord, will you not hear my tale? I am sure it will... entertain you."
Haralachan s face went completely still, hiding all emotion. "It had better," he said shortly. "I give you
leave to speak." While yet you can, went the unspoken words.
