Page 106

Naitachal forced a thin smile onto his lips, hoping it looked properly chill, stalling desperately as he
organized his thoughts. "My Lord Haralachan," he began coolly, "when our people were accused of that
ridiculous crime of kidnapping a human girl—Count
Volmar's niece, already murdered though we knew it not—who was it chose me as the emissary
from our people to the humans to clear our name?"
"I did, of course! You had sufficient Necromantic skill to do the task. But I never gave you
permission to try becoming one of them!"
Naitachal raised a hand in polite protest. "Why would I wish to do such a tasteless thing?"
"No games, traitor! You had no reason to linger with the humans—yet you did! You cannot deny
you have quite voluntarily lived among their land for years. You cannot deny you have—again, quite
voluntarily—even taken up that—music. Become a Bard."
"Why, my lord!" Naitachal protested mildly. 'What better way to win their trust?"
"The human," Haralachan s jerk of chin indicated Kevin, "already spun me a pretty tale of greed and
betrayal. I do not wish to hear more storytelling fiction."
"I shall not waste your time," Naitachal retorted. "Hear me out, my lord, I pray you.
"When first I met the humans, my initial thought was disgust. They are, as we both know, noisome,
nasty creatures. But they do own more land than seems strictly politic, and there is always the chance of
an alliance with our cousin elves of the light." There was the softest gasp at that; Naitachal just barely
kept back a start of surprise at the sight of the slender White Elf girl hiding in shadow. Now, what... "No,
my lord, I am not about to lecture you in matters you already know. But as I lingered among the humans,
I realized what a wonderful position I had, not merely to turn their attention from us and what we plotted,
but to learn what they thought and plotted."
"And so," Haralachan cut in, voice dripping with scorn, "you decided to infiltrate their ranks."
"Hardly. Do I look even remotely human, my lord? They never welcomed me. They feared me!"
Naitachal let genuine anger show in his voice, remembering the prejudice he'd found even among those
he'd tried to help. "They feared me with good cause."
"Yet you stayed."
"Oh, I stayed. And I learned." What did I learn? he thought quickly. What tales can I weave that are
more believable than those Kevin tried? 'The humans never welcomed me, it's true. But their land are
creatures of habit; give a human long enough and he will come to accept even the most bizarre of
circumstances.
"And so I made sure the humans saw me every day but never once saw even the slightest of
sorcerous threats. Eventually, they did come to accept me. And after I had succeeded at that lengthy,
tedious chore, my lord, and I no longer feared they would turn against me or try assassinating me in my
sleep, my true work began,"
"Which was?" Haralachan drawled.
Naitachal allowed his eyes to show just the faintest hint of ambition but kept his face absolutely cold
and still, his back absolutely straight, the Pose of True Nobility. "Which was, my lord, that I began paving
the way for the Nightblood Clan, for all the Nithathili clans, to leave these narrow caverns and rule all the
realms of elf and human."
"Impressive." The word was laced with mockery.
Do not react, Naitachal warned himself. Hold to the Pose. "No, my lord, not impressive at all. It will
only be impressive when my words become solid truth.
"And how shall that be done, you ask? Listen, my lord."
With that, Naitachal launched into a hastily improvised speech of where he'd been, what he'd done,
and
why, spinning the story out as finely as he dared without losing Haralachan s interest, delicately
developing each and every point: what each human realm was like, who ruled what, where their strengths
lay, carefully glossing over only their weaknesses. As he continued building his careful web, Naitachal
thought that it was all too easy to fall back into the old pattern of subtle half-lies and almost-truths, all the
cruel and devious ways of speech that had once been such a necessary part of his—of any Dark
