Page 107

Elfs—survival.
And he was doing it so well! Judging from the uneasy expression on Kevin s face (the human,
Naitachal knew, understood just enough of the elven tongue to be following the gist of this), he was giving
the human Bard some nervous moments. Kevin was probably starting to wonder if just maybe Naitachal
meant what he was saying, particularly, Naitachal noted, when the elf spoke of the Gate Spell with
sinister relish.
As if I could relish anything about that abomination—except, perhaps, its unravelling and reversal!
Ha, look at this! He really must be spinning a fine web, because the cavern was filling full with an
enormous, darkly amused crowd.
But then Naitachal saw how the eyes of Haralachan and Ruakth glittered dangerously, and he lost
any sense of triumph. They didn't believe him after all. They didn't believe a word of what he said. But for
the moment, at least, Naitachal realized, he was entertaining them, enough so that they made not the
slightest move to stop him.
Probably waiting for me to hang myself, as the humans say, the Bard thought. Hear me call to you,
D'Senna. Feel me pull you. Tunnel quickly, D'Senna!I can't keep this nonsense up forever—and they are
not going to listen much longer!
Chapter XXX Attacks
Surrounded by earth and rock, the smell of dank soil heavy in her nostrils, D'Senna tried and failed
to hold back a chittering little sound of sheer weariness. Her arms ached, her claws ached, her whole
body ached.
Oh, how could she ever have been so proud? No, no, not merely proud: how could she ever have
been so incredibly foolish as to think she could manage all this tunnelling by herself? Yes, the humans
were helping her as best they could, following closely behind her, clearing out the dirt she loosened by
passing it back hand to hand in makeshift cloth scoops. But there was a limit to what they could do. The
main burden, all the actual digging and digging and digging, could only fall upon her.
Gwenlyn, who was right behind her in the narrow tunnel, said suddenly, "Wait a moment." She came
squirming up beside D'Senna, barely able to fit in those tight quarters, and managed to give the Arachnia
a comforting pat on the arm. "Don't worry, we'll get there in time."
"How?"
"What do you mean, how? You're doing an amazing job. Look how far we've come already!"
D'Senna fought down the flash of anger that would have made her shout at her human friend, Don't
patronize me! and contented herself with a flat "It is not enough."
"It will be!"
This time D'Senna did crane her head about to glare. But humans, with their soft, flexible faces,
always had found it difficult to puzzle out the subtler Arachnia expressions. Gwenlyn only smiled with
great enthusiasm and patted her again on the arm. D'Senna exhaled in a weary, angry little hiss. "Go back
with the others," she said shortly. "There is only room for one of us up here."
Gwenlyn grinned. "I know. But at least by getting you angry at me, I got you to take a rest."
With that, the girl squirmed back to her place, leaving D'Senna speechless. Tchik, tchik, humans
were always unpredictable, and sometimes unexpectedly kind! Ah well, what was there to do after that
but tunnel on and on and on?
If only we are in time, she worried. If only we are in time and can actually do something useful!
As she dug, D'Senna was flooded with sudden fierce longings for her home hive. Ah, to be back
there in the quiet, elegant simplicity! In the hive there would be none of this endless, exhausting labor,
