Page 108

none of that nerve-wrenching terror of what was so lightly called "adventure."
No, in the hive, things were always serene, controlled, safe. Everything was done together; no one
ever had to act alone. If she was back there, D'Senna thought with renewed longing, she would still be
part
of that gentle, never-changing, always safe life—
That boring life, she reminded herself sharply. The life you couldn't wait to leave and which nearly
drove you as mad as any one of these wild-minded humans.
Besides, there were perfectly happy Arachnia out there in the world beyond the hive. Arachnia
actually doing things with their lives. Like Kevin's own seneschal, D'Krikas.
D'Senna sighed. What a wonderful, fascinating being this D'Krikas must be! How exciting to
manage the affairs of an entire castle—rather like being a Queen without having to endure all the
unpleasantnesses of blind captivity. It would be an honor, indeed, to apprentice with D'Krikas. If he
accepted her. And, of course, if she survived.
Which you won't, D'Senna snapped at herself, if you don't stop acting like a soft-shelled idiot and
dig!
Just how long, Naitachal wondered, was he going to be able to keep up this ridiculous monologue?
More to the point, how long was Haralachan going to let him continue? So far, the ruler had shown not
the slightest sign of boredom, but that could very well be merely part of a typically Dark Elf ploy.
Haralachan was a master at the sadistic Nithathil game of putting a victim's mind at ease, waiting with
delicate care till that victim dared begin to hope— and only then attacking.
Not now, Haralachan, not yet.
Now that he had set his mind into the flow and pattern of his speech, Naitachal didn't really need to
concentrate on it totally. He could continue his guiding mental call to D'Senna and allow a tiny part of his
consciousness to warily search for the residue of the one specific magic he needed, sensing the source of
the
Gate Spell still radiating, as he'd expected, from Rualath.
Ha, of course she still bore the traces of the spell! Cast magic always left some residue about the
spellcaster, and that had been a singularly Powerful spell the woman had loosed. There was enough left
to seize upon—if he ever got the chance to concentrate fully on it.
But how can I possibly do that while I have to keep up this preposterous speech?
If only he could somehow let Kevin know...
But even if Kevin had no way of knowing what Naitachal was trying to do, he could certainly
understand from the elf's wary little sideways glance that his fellow Bard needed a chance to rest. Out of
the corner of his eye, Naitachal saw the young man erupt into a frenzy of motion, risking his precious
musician's hands to punch the startled Dark Elf warrior smack in the face and snatch back his lute, fingers
fumbling on the strings in his haste. Wincing slightly (his tired and now probably bruised hands must be
complaining) he burst into song once more. The human's very desperation put a new, bitterly sharp edge
of Power on that song, and all the Nithathili cringed back in shock, Naitachal—acting with all his
might—among them.
But even as he pretended to flinch, Naitachal flung all of his magical will towards what was left of the
Gate Spell, trying in that moment when everyone else was too stunned to realize what he was doing to
analyze it, trying to capture it, carefully puzzling out this twist of the spell, that turn, delicately, delicately...
By all the Powers! Naitachal was so astonished he nearly cried that aloud. It's a Spiral, that's all the
cursed
thing is, nothing but a Basic Magical Spiral with some eccentric twists worked on it!
Clever of Rualath: a Basic Spiral was one of the easiest foundations on which to hang a spell, but
one that allowed for infinite variation. Still, even with the bizarre changes she'd worked on it, Naitachal
knew he would have the shape of it caught firmly in his mind in just another moment, if only he could
manage to—
But he'd been too eager. His mental touch, Naitachal realized a bare instant too late, had suddenly
been noticeable. Rualath sprang to her feet with so fierce a shriek of alarm that Kevin started, his hands
