Page 109

slipping on the strings, shattering his Bardic spell.
Ah well, Naitachal thought with elven fatalism in the sudden tense silence, it almost worked. Here's
where we die.
With each painful bit of ground gained, the air in the tunnel grew more and more stale. D'Senna,
choking on dust, knew with bitter certainty that she wasn't going to get much further. The Arachnia could
survive on far less air than the humans, but they still did need to breathe! If she ran completely out of air,
her body might go into involuntary hibernation—or it might shut down altogether.
7 can't back out, D'Senna realized, not with all those frightened humans behind me. I—7 can only
go forward.
Closed-in places like this didn't frighten Arachnia, but someone had told her once that humans were
scared of them. What if these humans panicked like a swarm ofchakchik and jammed her into a corner
where she didn't have room to dig? What if they all got stuck in here and—
D'Senna froze, listening. Behind her, the humans were complaining at her sudden stop, but she gave
them a fierce hiss and they fell silent. Was it imagination, or did she really hear...
Yes! She could hear sounds, voices. And they were just ahead of her! Just a little more digging, she
urged herself, just a little more digging and you're done.
But the earth up ahead was more firmly packed, almost rock-hard. Her claws scrabbled on it,
barely able to find purchase, and D'Senna nearly shrieked aloud. So close, so very close! Would she
ever be able to break through? Would they ever, ever get there in time?
No need to pretend anything now. Naitachal moved smoothly to stand back to back with Kevin.
"Sorry about this," he murmured to the human.
"Not your fault," Kevin shot back. "We gave it a good try, anyhow. At least now we have a chance
to die cleanly."
"I don't intend to die."
"Well, I'm not exactly thrilled by the thought either, but we don't really have much of a—here they
come."
But even as the Dark Elves started grimly towards them, a tremendous crash reverberated
throughout the cavern and a great choking cloud of dust filled the air.
"D'Senna," Naitachal gasped, "bless her Arachnia claws. We're not going to die this day after all!"
As the Dark Elves closed in, Kevin had hastily slung his lute over his back in a desperate attempt to
protect it, thinking that at least it might have a chance of survival even if he didn't.
But then came that astonishing crash and the dust, and Naitachal's bewildering words. Before Kevin
could believe what he saw, a mad swarm of humans, some
in uniform, some in outright rags, came rushing into the cavern before the dust had settled, shouting
wildly. They attacked the startled Dark Elves with what looked to his astonished gaze like hysterical
ferocity, fighting so suddenly and fiercely none of the Nithathili could muster control enough for spells.
The air was heavy with shouts and the clang of blade on blade.
Did I just see—is that Gwenlyn?
It looked very much like her—a wild-haired Gwenlyn screaming like a fury. But before Kevin could
see for sure, the frenzied crowd swept her aside like a chip of wood on a flood. Trying to find her again,
he caught quick glances of a Dark Elf warrior and a human guard in hand-to-hand combat, several
ragged humans armed with clubs whaling away at a whole crowd of Dark Elves, a woman in worn
leather armor— Lydia, by the gods—handling a sword with practiced skill and almost elven grace—
Kevin dodged back in shock as a Dark Elf sword nearly spitted him. Oh, you idiot, standing here
gawking in the middle of a battle!
He hastily retreated before the attack, dodging back again and again as the elf cut at him, not caring
at the scorn in his opponent's eyes, hunting for a weapon. Who cared what a Nithathil thought of him? If
he didn't find a weapon in the next few moments, Kevin decided he was just going to run and to the Pit
with any ridiculous—
Ah! Someone had dropped a sword, a Dark Elf sword from the looks of the odd glint of the metal
and curve of the hilt, but one that, Kevin's Bardic senses told him, was mercifully free of sorcery. He
