Page 110

snatched it up with a grateful gasp, struggling to find the balance of a weapon that was both longer and
lighter than those he knew, and just barely managed to parry in time, the
shock of blade hitting blade nearly staggering him.
But suddenly the Dark Elf broke off the attack, his gaze shifting to a point just beyond Kevin's
shoulder. The warriors eyes widened in alarm and he hastily retreated.
"Human," said a cold voice, and Kevin whirled.
Oh, hell.
No wonder the warrior had fled. Kevin was facing none other than Haralachan himself, the very
image of elegant cruelty, his smile thin and chill, his eyes glinting a predatory red in the dim, dusty light.
And in his hand he held a dull black weapon that made Kevin s own eyes widen in horror.
"So, now, human," the Dark Elf purred. "You recognize a Nithathil Death Sword, do you? Splendid.
That will make our little game all the more interesting."
Wonderful, Kevin thought. He was facing a Dark Elf lord whose reflexes were faster than human,
who'd had untold ages to perfect his duelling techniques— and who held a Necromantic weapon that
could kill him with a scratch.
Ah well. Nobody ever said life was fair. Kevin raised the unfamiliar sword and saluted Haralachan
with a desperate gallantry, then sprang to the attack. The Dark Elf parried his every move with ease,
smiling each time the blades clashed together, his greater reach and strength pushing Kevin back each
time. But Kevin wasn't worried about being driven back just yet; he was simply trying to establish a
definite pattern, a definite rhythm, trying to work his steps into his still so very experimental sword dance
Bardic Magic.
Experimental, maybe. But right now, like it or not, the young Bard knew it was his only chance for
survival.
Chapter XXXI War
Naitachal was only dimly aware of the fierce battle raging all about him, seeing only Rualath towering
over him, standing on the royal dais as she was, feeling only her mind beating against his. She was strong,
she had always been strong; her will was a full flood of sorcery like the blackest of waves crashing at his
senses. To his horror, Naitachal felt his old Necromantic skills, so fiercely repressed, rising to the surface
of his being in reaction.
No! I will not!
But the Darkness called to him, so temptingly, the black flood pulled at him, telling him respond,
respond.... And... where would be the harm? This was a fellow Nithathil, after all, whom he battled. Why
not use Nithathil sorcery against her?
Because, Naitachal answered himself with grim certainty, if he once started using the spells of
Darkness again after he had fought so hard to subdue them, he would never be able to stop using them.
He would never again be able to return to the light.
Besides, Naitachal added with a trace of irony, she
knows haw to deal with Necromancers. It's Bards who are foreign to her!
But she was strong, indeed, so strong, tearing relentlessly at the wall of his will, that he wasn't sure
he could hold her off. Worse, even as he was trying to defend himself, Naitachal dared not surrender
what he'd already gained of the Gate Spell. If he let go now, the backlash of the newly freed bits of
Power would tear apart his mind as surely as Rualath herself would.
Powers, Powers, whatever had made him think he could survive this? Whatever had made him think
he, or anyone, could manage not one but two magical feats at the same time? Naitachal threw more and
