Page 111

more of his will into the psychic wall of self-defense he'd thrown up but, torn between the two forces of
Rualath and the Gate Spell, he could feel his strength already starting to shred.
Unless he gained control of the whole Gate Spell, and quickly, Naitachal knew he was lost.
Amaranthia huddled in the shadow of Haralachan s throne, staring at the chaos about her in sheer
terror. In all the time she had spent among the Dark Elves, she had witnessed many acts of cruelty, many
acts of carefully planned violence. But she had never seen anything like this—this open warfare! All
around her elves and humans were falling, dying, splashing their blood on the cold stone, trapped within
the confines of the audience chamber by the magical gates Haralachan had set, and her ears ached from
the clamor of blade on blade, of shouts and screams and moans. She shrank as far back against the
throne as she could, wondering how she was going to survive this madness, wondering if anyone was
going to survive.
If the humans catch me, I—I'll pretend I was a
captive here. Surely they won't hurt me then.
But what if Kevin lived through the battle? (He must, a traitor thought whispered, oh he must!} He
would know the truth about her. And then— Amaranthia had heard her share of horrifying tales of human
cruelty. Nothing to match anything known to the Nithathili, of course, but—but the dishonor of it was
surely—
Amaranthia screamed as a human crashed into her, and continued to scream as he slid slowly past
her to crumple lifelessly on the floor. His blood had stained the hem of her gown, but Amaranthia barely
noticed. Hardly aware of what she was doing, she bent and tore the dagger from his flaccid hand. A
weapon, at least she had a weapon.
Amaranthia froze in sudden disbelief, staring, knife clutched in one fist. Who was that girl, that
human girl? Her aura was so clearly revealed by strong emotion, and part of that emotion was surely
love. For Kevin.
No, curse her, no I
The madness all around suddenly seemed to swirl up over her. Drowned in it, Amaranthia leaped to
the attack.
Gwenlyn, armed with a stave dropped by one of the bandits, fought to keep her mind clear of
anything but those hasty lessons in defense Lydia had taught her. Parry this sword like this, whirl, crack
the end of the stave over that elfs head like that, spin and circle and never let any weapon catch her or
the stave, never stop to think of what she was doing—thrust to an unprotected throat, blow to an elven
wrist—or of the deafening, deadly chaos happening all about her.
And then all at once a white-robed demon was
leaping at her, screaming. A girl, Gwenlyn had time to think in astonishment, a White Elf girl—-with
a knife!
Then the girl was thrusting at her. Gwenlyn, remembering Lydia's lessons, stepped quickly back out
of reach and brought the stave down with all her force on the elf s fist. The White Elf screamed in pain,
losing the knife, and for an instant Gwenlyn wanted to say an inane, I'm sorry. But the elf dove at her,
ducking under the stave before she could bring it down, nearly knocking Gwenlyn off her feet.
This is crazy! Gwenlyn thought, struggling to keep the elfs hands from her neck, very well aware of
elven strength. Particularly the strength of one who seemed to have gone insane.
Oh, don't be silly, Gwenlyn snapped at herself, and delivered a blow to the White Elf that sent the
girl sprawling.
D'Senna stood surrounded by bloody, noisy chaos, trembling in shock. With one last great effort
and a surge of triumph, she had broken through the remaining wall and gone tumbling out into the cavern
in a cloud of dust, but before she could catch her breath or her dazed senses, the humans had poured out
of the tunnel, racing past her like a horde of outraged warrior Arachnia. No I They can't—they mustn't—
She had never seen violence before, never anything as terrible as this. The hive had always been a
peaceful place; she had even once overheard the Arachnia warriors complaining about the lack of foes!
Let themsee this, D'Senna thought, oh, let them see this. She couldn't seem to move or act or do
anything but stare at the sheer ferocity blazing up about her.
