Page 112

But even though she had been raised as the "spare"
daughter of a Queen, D'Senna still was of that royal blood. And deep within her were a Queen s
strong instincts for survival. When a snarling Dark Elf lunged at her with his sword, the young Arachnia,
reacting totally without thought, snapped out with her claws with flawless aim. And to her horror, she
learned in that moment that those claws, powerful as they were and so useful for tunnelling, were equally
useful and quite deadly when they closed on Dark Elf flesh.
But there wasn't time to think about what she'd just done, even though she wanted to chitter in panic
like a mindless larva and scrub and scrub the stains from her claws. The battle was still raging about her.
Unless she stayed in control of her fear and continued to defend herself, she would surely be slain.
Allowing herself to die like a useless thing, D'Senna scolded, would hardly be logical. Logic was the
keystone of life. Logic was the beginning and the all. Logic was the mortar that held the world together.
Logic is a pain in the posterior regions, D'Senna thought defiantly. But cursed if I'm going to let lack of
logic kill me!
And so, closing her mind to horror, the young Arachnia waded into the thick of the battle, a quiet,
efficient, and very, very deadly predator.
"Watch your back!"
Count Trahern whirled at the sudden shout, just in time to see Lydia party the Dark Elf sword that
would have cut him down. "Back to back," she snapped before he could thank her, "quick."
Gods, how long had it been since he had needed to lift a sword in self-defense? Trahern hastily
parried, thrust and missed, parried again and then again, feeling the impact of sword against sword
shivering all the way up to his aching shoulders. These cursed elves were
so cursedly quick! And so damnably strong. Yes, he tried to work out with sword and knife every
day, but exercise against a friendly opponent who had no intention of hurting you was hardly the same as
coming up against someone who was trying his best to loll you.
The Dark Elf he'd been fighting was suddenly jostled aside in the crush, giving Trahern a bare
moment to catch his breath before another warrior closed with him. Behind him, he could feel
Lydiafight-ing with a dancer's easy grace, and felt a pang of envy.
Ha, wait! The elf, quick diough he was, had been too hasty to attack. He was letting his sword slip
out of line just enough, and with a sharp cry, Trahern hastily lunged, feeling his blade cleave flesh, then
nearly had the sword jerked out of his hand as his opponent fell. Grabbing the hilt with both hands, he
just barely managed to pull it free in time to meet—
A breadiing space. The tides of battle had surged away from Lydia and him for the moment.
Panting, Trahern asked over the clamor, "Are you all right?"
"Uh-huh. You?"
"Winded. At least no more elves seem able to get in here."
"Yeah, but how die hell do we get out?"
"Naitachal will take care of that. I hope."
All around them, the battle raged on. Trahern searched, suddenly panic-stricken, lor his daughter.
Ah, thank you gods, there she was, out of the thick of things and apparently quite unhurt. The count
noted with approval that his men were fighting with the grim efficiency of warriors too seasoned to let
even the most bizarre surroundings get to them. Hardly the case with the bandits. Not at all seasoned and
far past the point of simple terror, they were fighting with such wild
hysteria that the Dark Elves couldn't handle them.
"Good for them!" Trahern muttered. "They're earning that pardon."
"Never mind that," Lydia said. "Here come the bad guys again." With a sudden grin, she twisted
about and planted a quick, fierce kiss on his lips: "For luck!"
"For luck!" the count agreed breathlessly.
Kevin cut and parried, thrust and parried, arms aching with the strain, praying his musician's hands
wouldn't be damaged, praying he wouldn't be damaged, struggling to establish a settled sword dance
rhythm that would spark his peculiar sort of Bardic Magic. It was working at least a little; Haralachan's
attack had grown just a touch slower than it might have been.
