Page 113

Right. Now he's moving only twice as fast as a human.
Hastily tossing damp hair back from his sweaty forehead, he caught a glimpse of Naitachal facing the
Dark Elf woman he had named as Rualath. Haralachan's consort. The sorceress who had set the Gate
Spell. Nothing dramatic seemed to be happening between them, nothing at all. But Kevin knew that tense
immobility, those rigidly locked stares, could only mean some terrible magical battle was being fought.
Can't do anything to help him. Can't even do much to help myself right now.
As if this duel wasn't bad enough, Kevin had gone into it already weary—but the Dark Elf lord was
not. His cold, sorcerous swordplay gradually beat down Kevin's ever more frantically improvised Bardic
Magic, and the eerie black Death Sword in Haralachan's hand had begun its soft, chilling chuckle,
anticipating blood. One scratch from it would be fatal to body, and for all
Kevin knew, soul. Haralachan was starting to smile, sure of victory, but Kevin refused to let himself
despair, telling himself, struggling to believe it:
I still live. And, dammit, I will continue to live!
Rualath was never going to weaken, Naitachal thought wearily. Her attack was going to go on and
on, and he—ah, he was already trembling with strain, struggling to hold off the relentless waves of her
sorcery, struggling to capture all the bits of the Chaos Spell and make it his. The wall of his will was still
holding firm, but it was beginning to crack here and there. Dark images were beginning to seep through,
confusing trickles of memories, of terrible, terrible scenes from his past, of the harsh, cold things he'd
been forced to do to survive....
The altar and the sacrifice, and the knife clutched in his fist...
The noble who had challenged him turning to ash from the merest touch of his hand...
The slaves he had been forced to hunt to show he was a true Nithathil noble worthy of life...
The Death Magic running, cold and terrible and splendid, through his mind, giving him the strength he
must have, turning him into a figure of awe and terrified respect...
The Death Magic that still whispered at him to use it, use it-—
No! Naitachal cried silently. I did what I did for good or ill, but what I did is past! I am no longer
who or what I was—I will not be what I was!
Grimly, Naitachal clung to the Gate Spell shards, grimly clung to the force of his will, grimly clung to
his very sanity.
* * *
Gwenlyn drew back, gasping. No matter what she did, she couldn't get the White Elf to surrender!
And the elf was so much swifter than a human, so much stronger. Gwenlyn s body ached from kicks and
slaps, and even though she knew she'd gotten in some good blows herself—Lydia, she thought with a
flash of wit, would be proud of her—she just couldn't find a way to end this stupid fight. What made it
worse was that all around them deadly battles were still going on, and the more attention she had to give
to the elf, the less attention she could pay to keeping herself out of the reach of Dark Elf swords.
Wait, wait, what if—yes.
"Come on, you pallid little fool!" Gwenlyn taunted. "Want Kevin, do you? As if he'd want anything
to do with a scrawny little traitor like you!"
By the gods, the White Elf understood the human tongue. With a scream, she rushed at Gwenlyn—
Who threw herself over backwards, bringing her knees up, kicking out, and—Ha! It worked!
Gwenlyn scrambled to her feet in astonishment. It had actually worked, just as Lydia had told her! The
White Elf had gone hurtling neatly over her head to crash to the floor some distance away.
But then Gwenlyn's triumphant laugh faded. Oh no... oh dear gods, no.... The sorcerers among the
Dark Elves at first hadn't had a chance to gather their magical concentration thanks to the sudden human
attack. But by now they had recovered enough to work their spells. As Gwenlyn watched in wide-eyed
disbelief, she saw one dark hand merely touch a human shoulder—and that human withered to dust on
the spot.
Gwenlyn gave a choked sob of horror, hands at her mouth. How are we ever going to survive now?
* * *
As the Death Sword came whirring down at him, Kevin threw himself frantically to one side, hearing
