Page 114

the blade clash against stone again and again as he fell, rolled, feeling the lute banging painfully against
back and hip, and scrambled up again. For a moment his wild gaze met Gwenlyn's glance halfway across
the cavern, for a moment—like lovers in one of those mawkish ballads, he thought—the battle around
them seemed to disappear, leaving only them, staring at each other in dazed wonder. And then Kevin
cried out in horror, "Amaranthia, no!"
Then Haralachan was after him once more, the Death Sword narrowly missing the side of his head,
and Kevin could do nothing but simply try to stay alive.
Was I in time? he thought in anguish. Oh gods, oh gods, was I in time?
Gwenlyn stared in horror. That was surely the Dark Elf lord Kevin fought—and from every tale she
had heard, that dull black blade was an evil Death Sword. No, oh no—
And, like an echo of her thought, Kevin shouted, "Amaranthia, no!"
Gwenlyn whirled at that frantic shout, just in time to meet the White Elf (Amaranthia?)—and an
upraised dagger. Idiot, Gwenlyn found herself thinking, you stab someone underhanded, not over.
She dove at the elfs knees, sending them both tumbling to the floor, Amaranthia landing on her back,
Gwenlyn on top. Screaming, Amaranthia stabbed up at her. Gwenlyn scrambled back to avoid the blade,
tripped over someone's fallen helm, and
landed flat on her back with enough force to make sparks flash across her vision. But beyond the
sparks blazed Amaranthia's savage green eyes—and the gleaming blade.
As the knife came flashing down, Gwenlyn, still dizzy, shot both hands up in a desperate bid at
defense. She missed Amaranthia's wrist completely. But just by luck one hand caught one of the elf s
slender fingers instead.
Ha, yes!
With a ferocity that might have horrified her if she'd thought about it, Gwenlyn bent Amaranthia's
finger back with all her strength. Something gave. The elf screamed in pain, losing her hold on the dagger,
and Gwenlyn triumphantly snatched it as it fell. Scrambling to her feet, she raced straight for the Dark Elf
lord, blade pointed at his chest.
Kevin saw Gwenlyn rush forward, saw the knife flash. But Haralachan s reflexes were swifter. He
backhanded Gwenlyn with inhuman speed, avoiding the blade—and gave Kevin the barest instant of free
time. If he attacked Haralachan—
No! Whatever else Naitachal was doing in his sor-cerous duel, he was almost certainly trying to
wrest control of the Gate Spell from Rualath. He'd need an unhampered moment for that—so Kevin
hurled his sword straight at the sorceress.
Rualath screamed in shocked pain as Kevin's blade slashed her, and lost her hold on her sorcerous
concentration. Freed without warning, Naitachal staggered as the full force of the suddenly released Gate
Spell hit him. He couldn't hold it, he was too weary, too dizzy—
You will hold it, fool, you have to hold it! You can collapse afterwards!
The Darkness was swirling about him, crushing him, strangling him, trying to make him one with it or
slay him. No, damn it, he would not die, he would not surrender, he would not turn to evil— He would
not stop being Naitachal the Bard!
Clinging with all his might to will and consciousness, Naitachal shouted out the ugly, twisted,
Powerful syllables, feeling them tear painfully at his throat, activating the Gate Spell—in reverse.
"Get out of here!" he shouted to the humans in their tongue. "That way! All the barriers have fallen.
Get out of here, now!"
The sheer desperation in Naitachal's voice left no room for argument. The humans all broke off
combat as cleanly as though they'd rehearsed it, catching the Dark Elves by surprise, and ran for their
lives down the long, dark corridors, aiming for the dimly seen light so far ahead. With shouts of triumph,
they burst out of darkness into the wonderfully free air and forest outside the caverns.
"Naitachal!" Kevin gasped, looking wildly about. "Where is he?"
"I don't know," Lydia cried. "He was somewhere behind us. Gods, if he s still in there, all alone—"
But just then Naitachal appeared in the mouth of the cavern, shouting out what were blatantly the
final spell-syllables of the Gate Spell as he went.
