Page 115

"Down!" he shouted hoarsely to the staring humans. "Everyone down!"
He hurled himself to the ground as the reversed Gate Spell roared into effect. The world went wild:
branches,
earth, and rocks went flying, and the humans and D'Senna clung frantically to the ground, struggling
not to be dragged off as well.
At last the sorcerous storm died away, and there was silence:
Total, terrible silence.
Chapter XXXII After The Storm
"Naitachal?" Kevin asked, his voice sounding very small and weak against all the silence.
"Naitachal!"
He struggled to his feet, staring at the mound of rubble where the cavern had been. Gods, the whole
side of the mountain had come crashing down! If the elven Bard had been buried under all that, he was
surely—
"Naitachal!" Kevin raced forward as a dark hand emerged from the debris. "Someone help me!"
Lydia, Trahern, even little Tich'ki joined him as he frantically dragged rocks aside. At last Kevin
managed to claw the elven Bard free. "Are you hurt? Are you badly hurt?"
Coughing, gasping for breath, Naitachal could only manage to shake his head. With Kevins aid, he
managed to stagger to his feet, filthy and tattered, his torn clothing stained here and there with blood.
"Not badly hurt," he rasped. "Just bruised. And weary to the point of collapse."
"Come on, we've got to get out of here before—"
But Naitachal held up a hand. "No need. First, rest."
His voice was plainly paining him. No wonder, Kevin thought, after shouting out that ugly-sounding
spell. "Then I'll explain."
Much later, Naitachal stirred from the bank of moss onto which he'd fallen and slowly sat up. "How
do you feel?" Kevin asked. "How's your voice?"
"Sore," the elf said hoarsely. "Me and my voice both. But functional." He touched his neck gingerly.
"That spell really wasn't meant for ell or human throats. How is everyone?"
"We lost seven of Count Trahern's soldiers and maybe five of the bandits. Can't be sure about that
part; I'm not sure how many ran off during the fight. But we were relatively lucky: No one who survived
is really too badly hurt."
"Ah. Fortunate."
"Never mind that," Lydia cut in suddenly. "What happened," her gesture took in the entire mound of
fallen rock, "back there? Where are all the Dark Elves?"
"Nowhere near." Naitachal staggered to his feet, looking at where the caverns had been, his face
gone suddenly quite blank.
"Naitachal?" Kevin asked warily. "Are you all right?"
The elven Bard shuddered. "Dazed a bit, that's all. It just struck me. I no longer have a clan. I am
now quite clanless."
"What—"
"Wait. What I did, Kevin, was capture the Gate Spell—and as I'm sure you've figured out, it was an
extremely Powerful spell—then cast it in reverse."
If a Gate Spell opened magical doorways, then a Gate Spell cast in reverse would surely— "Clever.
And did it... ?"
Naitachal shrugged, a little too casually to be convincing. "There was more than enough Power in the
