Page 116

thing to seal off the Nightblood caverns from the rest of this realm. Possibly forever."
"But that's a good thing!"
"Oh, rationally I know that." But Naitachals eyes were still bleak. "We are used to our clans, my
people. I know it sounds odd, but... I will need some time to get used to the idea of being clanless." He
paused. "Bizarre, isn't it? In a manner of speaking, I've been more or less clanless ever since I chose to
turn to the light."
"Naitachal..."
"Don't worry, my friend. I'm hardly about to pine away for lack of clan like a forlorn woodsprite.
And I most assuredly am not sorry at the thought of never seeing Haralachan or Rualath again, may they
forever vent their spite on each other."
"Then you really are safe from them. You... are, aren't you?"
Naitachal smiled slightly. "There are still Dark Elves around, of course, and I don't doubt one or
more of them will try to attack me for being what I am. But my own—my former clan will never bother
me again."
"And Amaranthia?" Kevin asked suddenly. "Is she... ?"
"Sealed away with the others? Oh, indeed."
"Ah."
Naitachal glanced at him, silvery eyebrow raised. "Now, don't tell me you feel sorry for her."
"How can I not? She was such a—a sad creature."
"A creature who willingly chose her own path. I cannot find it in me to pity such a one."
"Neither can I," Gwenlyn cut in. "Not after she did her best to cut me into pieces."
Kevin stared at her in dismay. "That's right, I saw her try— She didn't—"
"Hurt me? Not really. Thanks to Lydia. She didn't have much time to do it in, but she taught me a
little bit about fighting." Gwenlyn grinned at Kevin. "So watch your step with me, my friend."
He had to laugh at that. "I will. But where is Lydia? She was here a moment ago."
"And where, for that matter, is my father?"
Naitachal chuckled. "I wouldn't worry about either one of them."
'This is ridiculous," Count Trahern murmured, and without further ado, took Lydia in his arms and
kissed her with all the pent-up fervor in him.
"Sure is," Lydia agreed, coming up for air some time later, and kissed him back so fiercely for a
while neither of them could think about anything at all.
But at last Lydia reluctantly pulled away. "Helluva place for anything more. Someone's bound to
stumble over us."
"True." Count Trahern was finding it difficult to catch his breath. "Unfortunately."
"Besides, this isn't really going to work, is it?"
"You and me, you mean?" Trahern sighed. "I'd like to give some gallant, easy answer, but I... don't
see how it can. We'd make a terrible couple."
"Different worlds and all that."
"Exactly."
"I'm not going to give up being what I am."
"And I can hardly stop being a count."
"But I'm not ready to just say good-bye and mean forever, either."
"Gods, no," Trahern said emphatically. "Ach, what a mess. What are we going to do about it?"
Lydia grinned. "Stop being so dense, Trahern."
"Dense!" he echoed, stung.
"Hell, man, think! Your land's not so far from Kevin s, now, is it?"
Trahern suddenly mirrored her grin. "Not far at all. We might make a terrible couple, but there's
nothing wrong with a little... ah... back-and-forth visiting, is there?"
"Nothing wrong at all," Lydia agreed, and linked her arm in his. "Come, my gallant, let's go find the
others."
Kevin glanced at D'Senna, who was standing forlornly a little bit apart from the others, and went
