Page 117

over to give her arm a pat. "Hey, don't look so lost! I haven't forgotten about you. Are you still interested
in apprenticing with D'Krikas in my castle?"
She quivered with sudden excitement. "Yes. If—if you really mean it."
"Of course I mean it! None of us would be here if it wasn't for you. I owe you that apprenticeship!"
As the Arachnia chittered happily to herself, Kevin felt Gwenlyn tap him on the arm. "We need to
talk," she told him.
"Ah... yes. We most certainly do."
While the amused Naitachal got the attention of the others on a pretext of checking names, Kevin
and Gwenlyn slipped off into the forest together. For a long while they walked side by side in silence.
And something seemed to break within Kevin as he looked at Gwenlyn. Tired, ragged, dirty though she
undeniably was, she had never seemed so wonderfully alive to him, so heartstoppingly lovely.
And because he realized with sudden stunning finality that he loved her—prickles and temper and
all—Kevin knew what must, of honor, be done, although he could have wept at the thought of it.
"Gwenlyn," Kevin began, then had to stop.
Ach, he couldn't back down now. There was only the one decent thing to do after all they'd been
through together and all he'd learned about her hopes and dreams. And that was to call off the proposed
marriage and give her back her freedom.
I can't! he cried in silent anguish. I can't give her up, not now!
But then Kevin told himself sharply, Nonsense. Maybe you do love her, but—but she doesn't love
you. It would never work out. You'd only make her miserable. Besides, she—she deserves so much
better. A prince, maybe, a king, someone fine and noble and— and—oh gods, it does hurt!
"Gwenlyn," Kevin began again, miserable, "when I first met you, we both knew things weren't going
to work out between us. Now... well... I know it sounds trite, but I really do want you to be happy. And
that means," he continued bravely, "that I—I—I don't want to force you into a marriage you don't want"
But to his amazement, Gwenlyn burst into a smile, her astonishing indigo eyes gone most wonderfully
warm. "Who says I don't want it?"
"What—Gwenlyn, think! A Bard spends half his time with his head in the ether, listening to music no
one else can hear, or throwing things around the room because the right words just won't get pinned to
the parchment—"
"I've been known to throw a few things, too," Gwenlyn said. "And if you're going to keep your head
in the ether, you need someone to keep you connected with the earth, don't you? We're probably going
to have some spectacular fights, you and I, but let's face it: we'd both be miserable living apart. As Lydia
would put it, we make too good a team to think of disbanding now." Kevin stared at her in dawning,
disbelieving hope.
"Then you—I—we—"
"Exactly," Gwenlyn said. "I love you, too."
And before Kevin could say another word, she kissed him firmly.
